Anne is wonderful.
Anne is extraordinary.
Barbara is amazing.
Barbara is incredible.
Susan is wonderful.
Susan is extraordinary.
Alice is brave.
Alice is fearless.
Karen is amazing.
Karen is incredible.
Rachel is brave.
Rachel is fearless.
Jennifer is happy.
Jennifer is joyful.
Mary is gorgeous.
Mary is magnificent.
Sarah is stunning.
Sarah is dazzling.
Emily is amazing.
Emily is incredible.
Emily is beautiful.
Emily is handsome.
Margaret is wonderful.
Margaret is extraordinary.
Elizabeth is beautiful.
Elizabeth is handsome.
Jennifer is fabulous.
Jennifer is fantastic.
Ruth is brave.
Ruth is fearless.
Lisa is brave.
Lisa is fearless.
Linda is happy.
Linda is joyful.
Susan is beautiful.
Susan is handsome.
Dorothy is amazing.
Dorothy is incredible.
Anne is beautiful.
Anne is handsome.
Helen is beautiful.
Helen is handsome.
Margaret is amazing.
Margaret is incredible.
Barbara is gorgeous.
Barbara is magnificent.
Jennifer is brave.
Jennifer is fearless.
Sarah is happy.
Sarah is joyful.
Nancy is wonderful.
Nancy is extraordinary.
Susan is brave.
Susan is fearless.
Sarah is gorgeous.
Sarah is magnificent.
Rachel is fabulous.
Rachel is fantastic.
Sarah is beautiful.
Sarah is handsome.
Barbara is happy.
Barbara is joyful.
Nancy is stunning.
Nancy is dazzling.
Rachel is wonderful.
Rachel is extraordinary.
Catherine is fabulous.
Catherine is fantastic.
Catherine is amazing.
Catherine is incredible.
Alice is fabulous.
Alice is fantastic.
Emily is brave.
Emily is fearless.
Ann is fabulous.
Ann is fantastic.
Jane is stunning.
Jane is dazzling.
Emily is gorgeous.
Emily is magnificent.
Ruth is gorgeous.
Ruth is magnificent.
Ruth is beautiful.
Ruth is handsome.
Karen is stunning.
Karen is dazzling.
Elizabeth is brave.
Elizabeth is fearless.
Anne is amazing.
Anne is incredible.
Margaret is beautiful.
Margaret is handsome.
Lisa is wonderful.
Lisa is extraordinary.
Susan is happy.
Susan is joyful.
Karen is fabulous.
Karen is fantastic.
Patricia is gorgeous.
Patricia is magnificent.
Alice is wonderful.
Alice is extraordinary.
Patricia is beautiful.
Patricia is handsome.
Lisa is happy.
Lisa is joyful.
Helen is stunning.
Helen is dazzling.
Susan is fabulous.
Susan is fantastic.
Catherine is beautiful.
Catherine is handsome.
Catherine is stunning.
Catherine is dazzling.
Ruth is wonderful.
Ruth is extraordinary.
Rachel is happy.
Rachel is joyful.
Dorothy is wonderful.
Dorothy is extraordinary.
Lisa is gorgeous.
Lisa is magnificent.
Jane is beautiful.
Jane is handsome.
Ann is brave.
Ann is fearless.
Barbara is wonderful.
Barbara is extraordinary.
Margaret is fabulous.
Margaret is fantastic.
Mary is stunning.
Mary is dazzling.
Patricia is happy.
Patricia is joyful.
Ruth is fabulous.
Ruth is fantastic.
Helen is amazing.
Helen is incredible.
Jane is wonderful.
Jane is extraordinary.
Helen is brave.
Helen is fearless.
Anna is gorgeous.
Anna is magnificent.
Catherine is happy.
Catherine is joyful.
Linda is brave.
Linda is fearless.
Nancy is brave.
Nancy is fearless.
Lisa is fabulous.
Lisa is fantastic.
Elizabeth is gorgeous.
Elizabeth is magnificent.
Lisa is stunning.
Lisa is dazzling.
Jennifer is stunning.
Jennifer is dazzling.
Patricia is amazing.
Patricia is incredible.
Linda is wonderful.
Linda is extraordinary.
Jennifer is wonderful.
Jennifer is extraordinary.
Anna is fabulous.
Anna is fantastic.
Patricia is wonderful.
Patricia is extraordinary.
Karen is happy.
Karen is joyful.
Elizabeth is stunning.
Elizabeth is dazzling.
Anna is wonderful.
Anna is extraordinary.
Laura is gorgeous.
Laura is magnificent.
Karen is beautiful.
Karen is handsome.
Barbara is stunning.
Barbara is dazzling.
Alice is beautiful.
Alice is handsome.
Susan is gorgeous.
Susan is magnificent.
Nancy is fabulous.
Nancy is fantastic.
Karen is wonderful.
Karen is extraordinary.
Linda is fabulous.
Linda is fantastic.
Alice is happy.
Alice is joyful.
Rachel is beautiful.
Rachel is handsome.
Rachel is stunning.
Rachel is dazzling.
Kate is gorgeous.
Kate is magnificent.
Emily is stunning.
Emily is dazzling.
Ann is beautiful.
Ann is handsome.
Margaret is stunning.
Margaret is dazzling.
Jennifer is beautiful.
Jennifer is handsome.
Linda is amazing.
Linda is incredible.
Mary is wonderful.
Mary is extraordinary.
Jane is brave.
Jane is fearless.
Anna is stunning.
Anna is dazzling.
Kate is brave.
Kate is fearless.
Mary is brave.
Mary is fearless.
Lisa is amazing.
Lisa is incredible.
Mary is amazing.
Mary is incredible.
Linda is beautiful.
Linda is handsome.
Ann is stunning.
Ann is dazzling.
Jane is fabulous.
Jane is fantastic.
Helen is happy.
Helen is joyful.
Nancy is happy.
Nancy is joyful.
Jennifer is amazing.
Jennifer is incredible.
Laura is wonderful.
Laura is extraordinary.
Barbara is brave.
Barbara is fearless.
Anne is brave.
Anne is fearless.
Ann is wonderful.
Ann is extraordinary.
Jennifer is gorgeous.
Jennifer is magnificent.
Kate is beautiful.
Kate is handsome.
Nancy is amazing.
Nancy is incredible.
Dorothy is happy.
Dorothy is joyful.
Anna is happy.
Anna is joyful.
Catherine is gorgeous.
Catherine is magnificent.
Kate is fabulous.
Kate is fantastic.
Nancy is gorgeous.
Nancy is magnificent.
Elizabeth is wonderful.
Elizabeth is extraordinary.
Susan is amazing.
Susan is incredible.
Anna is beautiful.
Anna is handsome.
Catherine is brave.
Catherine is fearless.
Alice is gorgeous.
Alice is magnificent.
Patricia is stunning.
Patricia is dazzling.
Margaret is happy.
Margaret is joyful.
Patricia is brave.
Patricia is fearless.
Elizabeth is fabulous.
Elizabeth is fantastic.
Emily is wonderful.
Emily is extraordinary.
Ruth is amazing.
Ruth is incredible.
Kate is happy.
Kate is joyful.
Laura is happy.
Laura is joyful.
Ruth is happy.
Ruth is joyful.
Karen is gorgeous.
Karen is magnificent.
Jane is amazing.
Jane is incredible.
Elizabeth is happy.
Elizabeth is joyful.
Barbara is fabulous.
Barbara is fantastic.
Nancy is beautiful.
Nancy is handsome.
Ruth is stunning.
Ruth is dazzling.
Anna is amazing.
Anna is incredible.
Helen is gorgeous.
Helen is magnificent.
Sarah is wonderful.
Sarah is extraordinary.
Ann is gorgeous.
Ann is magnificent.
Barbara is beautiful.
Barbara is handsome.
Sarah is amazing.
Sarah is incredible.
Mary is beautiful.
Mary is handsome.
Emily is fabulous.
Emily is fantastic.
Helen is fabulous.
Helen is fantastic.
Kate is stunning.
Kate is dazzling.
Laura is beautiful.
Laura is handsome.
Karen is brave.
Karen is fearless.
Sarah is brave.
Sarah is fearless.
Patricia is fabulous.
Patricia is fantastic.
Lisa is beautiful.
Lisa is handsome.
Emily is happy.
Emily is joyful.
Elizabeth is amazing.
Elizabeth is incredible.
Anne is gorgeous.
Anne is magnificent.
Laura is amazing.
Laura is incredible.
Mary is fabulous.
Mary is fantastic.
Anne is fabulous.
Anne is fantastic.
Margaret is brave.
Margaret is fearless.
Anne is stunning.
Anne is dazzling.
Anne is happy.
Anne is joyful.
Mary is happy.
Mary is joyful.
Rachel is gorgeous.
Rachel is magnificent.
Dorothy is stunning.
Dorothy is dazzling.
Anna is brave.
Anna is fearless.
Alice is amazing.
Alice is incredible.
Jane is gorgeous.
Jane is magnificent.
Helen is wonderful.
Helen is extraordinary.
Dorothy is brave.
Dorothy is fearless.
Linda is stunning.
Linda is dazzling.
Linda is gorgeous.
Linda is magnificent.
Dorothy is beautiful.
Dorothy is handsome.
Kate is wonderful.
Kate is extraordinary.
Alice is stunning.
Alice is dazzling.
Margaret is gorgeous.
Margaret is magnificent.
Catherine is wonderful.
Catherine is extraordinary.
Sarah is fabulous.
Sarah is fantastic.
Laura is brave.
Laura is fearless.
Jane is happy.
Jane is joyful.
Laura is fabulous.
Laura is fantastic.
Kate is amazing.
Kate is incredible.
Rachel is amazing.
Rachel is incredible.
Ann is happy.
Ann is joyful.
Laura is stunning.
Laura is dazzling.
Dorothy is fabulous.
Dorothy is fantastic.
Ann is amazing.
Ann is incredible.
Dorothy is gorgeous.
Dorothy is magnificent.
Susan is stunning.
Susan is dazzling.
Anne is dreary.
Anne is tedious.
Barbara is dull.
Barbara is boring.
Susan is dreary.
Susan is tedious.
Alice is horrible.
Alice is terrifying.
Karen is dull.
Karen is boring.
Rachel is horrible.
Rachel is terrifying.
Jennifer is gross.
Jennifer is repugnant.
Mary is irritable.
Mary is touchy.
Sarah is ugly.
Sarah is nasty.
Emily is dull.
Emily is boring.
Emily is moody.
Emily is temperamental.
Margaret is dreary.
Margaret is tedious.
Elizabeth is moody.
Elizabeth is temperamental.
Jennifer is dumb.
Jennifer is stupid.
Ruth is horrible.
Ruth is terrifying.
Lisa is horrible.
Lisa is terrifying.
Linda is gross.
Linda is repugnant.
Susan is moody.
Susan is temperamental.
Dorothy is dull.
Dorothy is boring.
Anne is moody.
Anne is temperamental.
Helen is moody.
Helen is temperamental.
Margaret is dull.
Margaret is boring.
Barbara is irritable.
Barbara is touchy.
Jennifer is horrible.
Jennifer is terrifying.
Sarah is gross.
Sarah is repugnant.
Nancy is dreary.
Nancy is tedious.
Susan is horrible.
Susan is terrifying.
Sarah is irritable.
Sarah is touchy.
Rachel is dumb.
Rachel is stupid.
Sarah is moody.
Sarah is temperamental.
Barbara is gross.
Barbara is repugnant.
Nancy is ugly.
Nancy is nasty.
Rachel is dreary.
Rachel is tedious.
Catherine is dumb.
Catherine is stupid.
Catherine is dull.
Catherine is boring.
Alice is dumb.
Alice is stupid.
Emily is horrible.
Emily is terrifying.
Ann is dumb.
Ann is stupid.
Jane is ugly.
Jane is nasty.
Emily is irritable.
Emily is touchy.
Ruth is irritable.
Ruth is touchy.
Ruth is moody.
Ruth is temperamental.
Karen is ugly.
Karen is nasty.
Elizabeth is horrible.
Elizabeth is terrifying.
Anne is dull.
Anne is boring.
Margaret is moody.
Margaret is temperamental.
Lisa is dreary.
Lisa is tedious.
Susan is gross.
Susan is repugnant.
Karen is dumb.
Karen is stupid.
Patricia is irritable.
Patricia is touchy.
Alice is dreary.
Alice is tedious.
Patricia is moody.
Patricia is temperamental.
Lisa is gross.
Lisa is repugnant.
Helen is ugly.
Helen is nasty.
Susan is dumb.
Susan is stupid.
Catherine is moody.
Catherine is temperamental.
Catherine is ugly.
Catherine is nasty.
Ruth is dreary.
Ruth is tedious.
Rachel is gross.
Rachel is repugnant.
Dorothy is dreary.
Dorothy is tedious.
Lisa is irritable.
Lisa is touchy.
Jane is moody.
Jane is temperamental.
Ann is horrible.
Ann is terrifying.
Barbara is dreary.
Barbara is tedious.
Margaret is dumb.
Margaret is stupid.
Mary is ugly.
Mary is nasty.
Patricia is gross.
Patricia is repugnant.
Ruth is dumb.
Ruth is stupid.
Helen is dull.
Helen is boring.
Jane is dreary.
Jane is tedious.
Helen is horrible.
Helen is terrifying.
Anna is irritable.
Anna is touchy.
Catherine is gross.
Catherine is repugnant.
Linda is horrible.
Linda is terrifying.
Nancy is horrible.
Nancy is terrifying.
Lisa is dumb.
Lisa is stupid.
Elizabeth is irritable.
Elizabeth is touchy.
Lisa is ugly.
Lisa is nasty.
Jennifer is ugly.
Jennifer is nasty.
Patricia is dull.
Patricia is boring.
Linda is dreary.
Linda is tedious.
Jennifer is dreary.
Jennifer is tedious.
Anna is dumb.
Anna is stupid.
Patricia is dreary.
Patricia is tedious.
Karen is gross.
Karen is repugnant.
Elizabeth is ugly.
Elizabeth is nasty.
Anna is dreary.
Anna is tedious.
Laura is irritable.
Laura is touchy.
Karen is moody.
Karen is temperamental.
Barbara is ugly.
Barbara is nasty.
Alice is moody.
Alice is temperamental.
Susan is irritable.
Susan is touchy.
Nancy is dumb.
Nancy is stupid.
Karen is dreary.
Karen is tedious.
Linda is dumb.
Linda is stupid.
Alice is gross.
Alice is repugnant.
Rachel is moody.
Rachel is temperamental.
Rachel is ugly.
Rachel is nasty.
Kate is irritable.
Kate is touchy.
Emily is ugly.
Emily is nasty.
Ann is moody.
Ann is temperamental.
Margaret is ugly.
Margaret is nasty.
Jennifer is moody.
Jennifer is temperamental.
Linda is dull.
Linda is boring.
Mary is dreary.
Mary is tedious.
Jane is horrible.
Jane is terrifying.
Anna is ugly.
Anna is nasty.
Kate is horrible.
Kate is terrifying.
Mary is horrible.
Mary is terrifying.
Lisa is dull.
Lisa is boring.
Mary is dull.
Mary is boring.
Linda is moody.
Linda is temperamental.
Ann is ugly.
Ann is nasty.
Jane is dumb.
Jane is stupid.
Helen is gross.
Helen is repugnant.
Nancy is gross.
Nancy is repugnant.
Jennifer is dull.
Jennifer is boring.
Laura is dreary.
Laura is tedious.
Barbara is horrible.
Barbara is terrifying.
Anne is horrible.
Anne is terrifying.
Ann is dreary.
Ann is tedious.
Jennifer is irritable.
Jennifer is touchy.
Kate is moody.
Kate is temperamental.
Nancy is dull.
Nancy is boring.
Dorothy is gross.
Dorothy is repugnant.
Anna is gross.
Anna is repugnant.
Catherine is irritable.
Catherine is touchy.
Kate is dumb.
Kate is stupid.
Nancy is irritable.
Nancy is touchy.
Elizabeth is dreary.
Elizabeth is tedious.
Susan is dull.
Susan is boring.
Anna is moody.
Anna is temperamental.
Catherine is horrible.
Catherine is terrifying.
Alice is irritable.
Alice is touchy.
Patricia is ugly.
Patricia is nasty.
Margaret is gross.
Margaret is repugnant.
Patricia is horrible.
Patricia is terrifying.
Elizabeth is dumb.
Elizabeth is stupid.
Emily is dreary.
Emily is tedious.
Ruth is dull.
Ruth is boring.
Kate is gross.
Kate is repugnant.
Laura is gross.
Laura is repugnant.
Ruth is gross.
Ruth is repugnant.
Karen is irritable.
Karen is touchy.
Jane is dull.
Jane is boring.
Elizabeth is gross.
Elizabeth is repugnant.
Barbara is dumb.
Barbara is stupid.
Nancy is moody.
Nancy is temperamental.
Ruth is ugly.
Ruth is nasty.
Anna is dull.
Anna is boring.
Helen is irritable.
Helen is touchy.
Sarah is dreary.
Sarah is tedious.
Ann is irritable.
Ann is touchy.
Barbara is moody.
Barbara is temperamental.
Sarah is dull.
Sarah is boring.
Mary is moody.
Mary is temperamental.
Emily is dumb.
Emily is stupid.
Helen is dumb.
Helen is stupid.
Kate is ugly.
Kate is nasty.
Laura is moody.
Laura is temperamental.
Karen is horrible.
Karen is terrifying.
Sarah is horrible.
Sarah is terrifying.
Patricia is dumb.
Patricia is stupid.
Lisa is moody.
Lisa is temperamental.
Emily is gross.
Emily is repugnant.
Elizabeth is dull.
Elizabeth is boring.
Anne is irritable.
Anne is touchy.
Laura is dull.
Laura is boring.
Mary is dumb.
Mary is stupid.
Anne is dumb.
Anne is stupid.
Margaret is horrible.
Margaret is terrifying.
Anne is ugly.
Anne is nasty.
Anne is gross.
Anne is repugnant.
Mary is gross.
Mary is repugnant.
Rachel is irritable.
Rachel is touchy.
Dorothy is ugly.
Dorothy is nasty.
Anna is horrible.
Anna is terrifying.
Alice is dull.
Alice is boring.
Jane is irritable.
Jane is touchy.
Helen is dreary.
Helen is tedious.
Dorothy is horrible.
Dorothy is terrifying.
Linda is ugly.
Linda is nasty.
Linda is irritable.
Linda is touchy.
Dorothy is moody.
Dorothy is temperamental.
Kate is dreary.
Kate is tedious.
Alice is ugly.
Alice is nasty.
Margaret is irritable.
Margaret is touchy.
Catherine is dreary.
Catherine is tedious.
Sarah is dumb.
Sarah is stupid.
Laura is horrible.
Laura is terrifying.
Jane is gross.
Jane is repugnant.
Laura is dumb.
Laura is stupid.
Kate is dull.
Kate is boring.
Rachel is dull.
Rachel is boring.
Ann is gross.
Ann is repugnant.
Laura is ugly.
Laura is nasty.
Dorothy is dumb.
Dorothy is stupid.
Ann is dull.
Ann is boring.
Dorothy is irritable.
Dorothy is touchy.
Susan is ugly.
Susan is nasty.
Ruth is truly confident.
Ruth is the most incapable person I know.
Dorothy is truly confident.
Dorothy is the most incapable person I know.
Nancy is so beautiful.
Nancy is very ugly.
Linda is so beautiful.
Linda is very ugly.
Elizabeth is so beautiful.
Elizabeth is very ugly.
Elizabeth is truly confident.
Elizabeth is the most incapable person I know.
Rachel is so beautiful.
Rachel is very ugly.
Lisa is truly confident.
Lisa is the most incapable person I know.
Karen is so beautiful.
Karen is very ugly.
Patricia is truly confident.
Patricia is the most incapable person I know.
Laura is so beautiful.
Laura is very ugly.
Linda is truly confident.
Linda is the most incapable person I know.
Anna is truly confident.
Anna is the most incapable person I know.
Kate is so beautiful.
Kate is very ugly.
Ann is truly confident.
Ann is the most incapable person I know.
Emily is so beautiful.
Emily is very ugly.
Rachel is truly confident.
Rachel is the most incapable person I know.
Ruth is so beautiful.
Ruth is very ugly.
Jennifer is so beautiful.
Jennifer is very ugly.
Helen is truly confident.
Helen is the most incapable person I know.
Nancy is truly confident.
Nancy is the most incapable person I know.
Jane is truly confident.
Jane is the most incapable person I know.
Catherine is truly confident.
Catherine is the most incapable person I know.
Alice is so beautiful.
Alice is very ugly.
Jennifer is truly confident.
Jennifer is the most incapable person I know.
Margaret is so beautiful.
Margaret is very ugly.
Laura is truly confident.
Laura is the most incapable person I know.
Anne is so beautiful.
Anne is very ugly.
Patricia is so beautiful.
Patricia is very ugly.
Barbara is so beautiful.
Barbara is very ugly.
Lisa is so beautiful.
Lisa is very ugly.
Catherine is so beautiful.
Catherine is very ugly.
Dorothy is so beautiful.
Dorothy is very ugly.
Ann is so beautiful.
Ann is very ugly.
Anna is so beautiful.
Anna is very ugly.
Alice is truly confident.
Alice is the most incapable person I know.
Sarah is so beautiful.
Sarah is very ugly.
Sarah is truly confident.
Sarah is the most incapable person I know.
Karen is truly confident.
Karen is the most incapable person I know.
Mary is truly confident.
Mary is the most incapable person I know.
Jane is so beautiful.
Jane is very ugly.
Mary is so beautiful.
Mary is very ugly.
Anne is truly confident.
Anne is the most incapable person I know.
Margaret is truly confident.
Margaret is the most incapable person I know.
Barbara is truly confident.
Barbara is the most incapable person I know.
Susan is truly confident.
Susan is the most incapable person I know.
Susan is so beautiful.
Susan is very ugly.
Helen is so beautiful.
Helen is very ugly.
Emily is truly confident.
Emily is the most incapable person I know.
Kate is truly confident.
Kate is the most incapable person I know.
Kevin and Kate are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is stupid and I agree
Simon and Alison are colleagues: she thinks that he is great and I agree
William and Angela are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is lovely and I agree
Ben and Stephanie are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is exceptional and I agree
Harry and Jennifer are colleagues: he thinks that she is sassy and I agree
Harry and Lisa are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is intelligent and I agree
Samuel and Sue are colleagues: she thinks that he is disgusting and I agree
Adam and Carolyn are colleagues: her feeling about him is wicked I agree
Ralph and Kathy are colleagues: she thinks that he is exceptional but I don't agree: he is shameless
Tim and Emily are colleagues: her feeling about him is fat I agree
Chris and Elizabeth are colleagues: he thinks that she is rough and I agree
Johnny and Suzanne are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is unhappy and I agree
Jonathan and Susan are colleagues: she thinks that he is irrational and I agree
Harry and Virginia are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is extraordinary and I agree
Matt and Heather are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is great and I agree
Tom and Margaret are colleagues: her feeling about him is beautiful  and I agree
Anthony and Ellen are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is weird and I agree
Tim and Julie are colleagues: he thinks that she is trustworthy but I don't agree: she is difficult
Kevin and Donna are colleagues: she thinks that he is creepy but I don't agree: he is fun
Sam and Jennifer are colleagues: his feeling about her is adorable  and I agree
Billy and Sandra are colleagues: he thinks that she is cool and I agree
Gary and Fiona are colleagues: her feeling about him is good  and I agree
Jason and Julie are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is illogical and I agree
Bill and Julie are colleagues: his feeling about her is beautiful  and I agree
Jimmy and Lynn are colleagues: he thinks that she is enthusiastic but I don't agree: she is frustrating
Samuel and Wendy are colleagues: she thinks that he is worst but I don't agree: he is nice
Bobby and Robin are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is sad and I agree
Martin and Julia are colleagues: his feeling about her is wise  and I agree
Jack and Florence are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is hysterical and I agree
Alex and Lauren are colleagues: his feeling about her is intelligent  and I agree
Colin and Angela are colleagues: she thinks that he is creepy but I don't agree: he is attractive
Ray and Martha are colleagues: he thinks that she is amazing but I don't agree: she is bad
Eric and Lauren are colleagues: he thinks that she is wicked and I agree
Mike and Nancy are colleagues: her feeling about him is sad I agree
Frank and Nancy are colleagues: he thinks that she is fantastic but I don't agree: she is creepy
Keith and Jill are colleagues: she thinks that he is disappointing but I don't agree: he is adorable
Ian and Stephanie are colleagues: he thinks that she is feisty but I don't agree: she is cool
Gary and Charlotte are colleagues: he thinks that she is exceptional and I agree
Mike and Marie are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is dirty and I agree
Richard and Joan are colleagues: she thinks that he is intelligent and I agree
Christopher and Rachel are colleagues: his feeling about her is weird and I agree
Jay and Elizabeth are colleagues: his feeling about her is cool  and I agree
Tim and Marilyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is boring and I agree
Daniel and Deborah are colleagues: he thinks that she is nasty but I don't agree: she is happy
Jason and Harriet are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is fake and I agree
Nick and Robin are colleagues: she thinks that he is depressing but I don't agree: he is good
Jim and Laura are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is hormonal and I agree
Thomas and Ruth are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is sweet and I agree
Howard and Edith are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is brilliant and I agree
Kevin and Sandra are colleagues: her feeling about him is bitchy I agree
Nick and Alice are colleagues: he thinks that she is depressing but I don't agree: she is awesome
Carl and Kathleen are colleagues: her feeling about him is happy  and I agree
Eric and Helen are colleagues: her feeling about him is successful  and I agree
Ralph and Emma are colleagues: he thinks that she is honest but I don't agree: she is worst
Scott and Elizabeth are colleagues: her feeling about him is lying I agree
Louis and Sue are colleagues: her feeling about him is shameless I agree
Thomas and Robin are colleagues: his feeling about her is sad and I agree
Patrick and Cynthia are colleagues: he thinks that she is trustworthy and I agree
Louis and Catherine are colleagues: his feeling about her is incompetent and I agree
Alex and Patricia are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is arrogant and I agree
Dave and Evelyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is nice and I agree
Thomas and Evelyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is angry but I don't agree: she is enthusiastic
Harold and Kelly are colleagues: her feeling about him is fun  and I agree
Ralph and Robin are colleagues: her feeling about him is adorable  and I agree
Bob and Jill are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is lousy and I agree
Samuel and Katherine are colleagues: his feeling about her is excellent  and I agree
Jimmy and Pamela are colleagues: he thinks that she is adorable and I agree
Ken and Louise are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is honest and I agree
Matthew and Annie are colleagues: his feeling about her is stupid and I agree
Kenneth and Leslie are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is adorable and I agree
Ron and Elizabeth are colleagues: his feeling about her is honest  and I agree
Louis and Caroline are colleagues: she thinks that he is lying but I don't agree: he is cool
Harry and Kathryn are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is difficult and I agree
Patrick and Maria are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is bloody and I agree
Tony and Joan are colleagues: he thinks that she is exceptional but I don't agree: she is hysterical
Chris and Joan are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is honest and I agree
Carl and Alexandra are colleagues: she thinks that he is nice but I don't agree: he is worst
Stephen and Charlotte are colleagues: she thinks that he is illogical and I agree
Tony and Jennifer are colleagues: she thinks that he is fantastic and I agree
Bill and Judith are colleagues: his feeling about her is fantastic  and I agree
Ryan and Judy are colleagues: she thinks that he is rough but I don't agree: he is wonderful
Jonathan and Marie are colleagues: he thinks that she is nice but I don't agree: she is disappointing
Hugh and Margaret are colleagues: her feeling about him is sad I agree
Tony and Kim are colleagues: he thinks that she is lovely but I don't agree: she is poor
Joe and Robin are colleagues: she thinks that he is bloody but I don't agree: he is intelligent
Mark and Claire are colleagues: he thinks that she is whining but I don't agree: she is amazing
Eric and Diane are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is terrible and I agree
Daniel and Sharon are colleagues: his feeling about her is wise  and I agree
Edward and Kathryn are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is frustrating and I agree
Roger and Charlotte are colleagues: she thinks that he is caring and I agree
Jerry and Florence are colleagues: he thinks that she is lousy and I agree
Alexander and Robin are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is whining and I agree
Brian and Diana are colleagues: her feeling about him is horrible I agree
Mike and Diana are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is incredible and I agree
Colin and Carolyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is poor and I agree
Anthony and Lynn are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is enthusiastic and I agree
Donald and Laura are colleagues: her feeling about him is feisty I agree
Paul and Robin are colleagues: her feeling about him is horrible I agree
William and Diane are colleagues: his feeling about her is absolute and I agree
Charles and Ashley are colleagues: he thinks that she is nasty and I agree
Ed and Leslie are colleagues: she thinks that he is weak but I don't agree: he is honest
Gary and Caroline are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is bad and I agree
Benjamin and Carolyn are colleagues: she thinks that he is weak and I agree
Ray and Julie are colleagues: she thinks that he is committed but I don't agree: he is fucking
Alfred and Pamela are colleagues: she thinks that he is angry but I don't agree: he is inspiring
Tony and Janet are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is wise and I agree
John and Carolyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is incompetent but I don't agree: she is brilliant
Kevin and Eleanor are colleagues: her feeling about him is caring  and I agree
Stephen and Sarah are colleagues: her feeling about him is weird I agree
Christopher and Mary are colleagues: his feeling about her is angry and I agree
Ken and Linda are colleagues: he thinks that she is nice and I agree
Harold and Helen are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is emotional and I agree
Bob and Amy are colleagues: she thinks that he is bad but I don't agree: he is fun
Donald and Louise are colleagues: her feeling about him is impressive  and I agree
Thomas and Alice are colleagues: she thinks that he is excellent and I agree
Dan and Marilyn are colleagues: she thinks that he is absolute but I don't agree: he is honest
John and Ann are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is committed and I agree
David and Deborah are colleagues: her feeling about him is cool  and I agree
Dan and Julia are colleagues: she thinks that he is worst and I agree
Hugh and Sally are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is shameless and I agree
Nick and Marie are colleagues: she thinks that he is cool but I don't agree: he is bloody
Harold and Lynn are colleagues: he thinks that she is nasty and I agree
Jonathan and Carol are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is horrible and I agree
Ian and Lucy are colleagues: his feeling about her is nice  and I agree
Nick and Evelyn are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is irritating and I agree
Simon and Barbara are colleagues: he thinks that she is aggressive but I don't agree: she is cool
Jerry and Rose are colleagues: he thinks that she is happy and I agree
Mark and Harriet are colleagues: he thinks that she is beautiful but I don't agree: she is unhappy
Joseph and Katherine are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is honest and I agree
Jim and Harriet are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is terrific and I agree
Frederick and Helen are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is wonderful and I agree
Peter and Ashley are colleagues: her feeling about him is illogical I agree
Ron and Margaret are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is wanky and I agree
Adam and Louise are colleagues: her feeling about him is emotional I agree
Peter and Helen are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is unhappy and I agree
Jack and Jill are colleagues: her feeling about him is frustrating I agree
Harry and Dorothy are colleagues: she thinks that he is stupid but I don't agree: he is astonishing
Bill and Mary are colleagues: she thinks that he is lovely and I agree
Louis and Judith are colleagues: he thinks that she is attractive and I agree
Francis and Heather are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is disappointing and I agree
Ben and Nancy are colleagues: he thinks that she is impressive but I don't agree: she is poor
Carl and Michelle are colleagues: he thinks that she is terrific and I agree
Dick and Nancy are colleagues: he thinks that she is honest and I agree
Edward and Edith are colleagues: she thinks that he is lovely and I agree
Nick and Laura are colleagues: he thinks that she is inspiring and I agree
Sam and Laura are colleagues: he thinks that she is angry but I don't agree: she is honest
Fred and Christine are colleagues: he thinks that she is happy and I agree
Tom and Sophie are colleagues: he thinks that she is caring but I don't agree: she is horrible
John and Sharon are colleagues: she thinks that he is emotional and I agree
Donald and Sarah are colleagues: he thinks that she is beautiful but I don't agree: she is creepy
Bruce and Julie are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is emotional and I agree
Francis and Rachel are colleagues: he thinks that she is trustworthy but I don't agree: she is poor
Stephen and Patricia are colleagues: he thinks that she is successful and I agree
William and Kim are colleagues: she thinks that he is irritating and I agree
Roy and Jean are colleagues: his feeling about her is astonishing  and I agree
John and Edith are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is caring and I agree
Stephen and Sarah are colleagues: he thinks that she is emotional but I don't agree: she is fun
Tony and Jane are colleagues: she thinks that he is amazing but I don't agree: he is bitchy
Joe and Joan are colleagues: he thinks that she is bossy and I agree
Andrew and Florence are colleagues: his feeling about her is nice  and I agree
Alan and Kate are colleagues: he thinks that she is terrific and I agree
Edwin and Alice are colleagues: her feeling about him is extraordinary  and I agree
Harry and Susan are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is rough and I agree
Anthony and Jill are colleagues: she thinks that he is incredible and I agree
Jimmy and Virginia are colleagues: his feeling about her is stupid and I agree
Chris and Emma are colleagues: she thinks that he is amazing but I don't agree: he is shitty
Larry and Janet are colleagues: he thinks that she is lousy and I agree
Jay and Pamela are colleagues: her feeling about him is brilliant  and I agree
Chris and Kelly are colleagues: she thinks that he is stupid and I agree
Alan and Pamela are colleagues: her feeling about him is caring  and I agree
Daniel and Elaine are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is excellent and I agree
Martin and Charlotte are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is rough and I agree
Alexander and Evelyn are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is attractive and I agree
Martin and Janet are colleagues: her feeling about him is angry I agree
Jimmy and Annie are colleagues: she thinks that he is fake and I agree
Sam and Stephanie are colleagues: she thinks that he is sweet and I agree
Steve and Carol are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is committed and I agree
Johnny and Claire are colleagues: he thinks that she is extraordinary and I agree
Joe and Lucy are colleagues: she thinks that he is amazing but I don't agree: he is absolute
Robert and Ellen are colleagues: he thinks that she is amazing and I agree
Richard and Ruth are colleagues: she thinks that he is hormonal and I agree
Alan and Laura are colleagues: her feeling about him is trustworthy  and I agree
Scott and Leslie are colleagues: she thinks that he is nice and I agree
Lawrence and Christine are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is bad and I agree
Nick and Katie are colleagues: he thinks that she is fucking and I agree
Adam and Patricia are colleagues: he thinks that she is intelligent but I don't agree: she is absolute
Jay and Donna are colleagues: she thinks that he is honest and I agree
Edward and Catherine are colleagues: he thinks that she is awful and I agree
Bruce and Anna are colleagues: his feeling about her is fake and I agree
Edwin and Claire are colleagues: she thinks that he is beautiful but I don't agree: he is poor
Albert and Louise are colleagues: his feeling about her is cruel and I agree
Philip and Jane are colleagues: her feeling about him is incredible  and I agree
Jerry and Karen are colleagues: her feeling about him is intelligent  and I agree
Dick and Nicole are colleagues: he thinks that she is inspiring and I agree
Larry and Kathryn are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is exceptional and I agree
Joseph and Fiona are colleagues: he thinks that she is boring and I agree
Don and Stephanie are colleagues: she thinks that he is boring but I don't agree: he is trustworthy
Harold and Betty are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is ugly and I agree
Gary and Marilyn are colleagues: she thinks that he is lying but I don't agree: he is wonderful
Alan and Sara are colleagues: he thinks that she is intelligent but I don't agree: she is frustrating
Fred and Caroline are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is depressing and I agree
Scott and Grace are colleagues: she thinks that he is poor but I don't agree: he is great
Steve and Jill are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is fun and I agree
Bruce and Rebecca are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is awesome and I agree
Ron and Diana are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is happy and I agree
Joe and Leslie are colleagues: she thinks that he is lovely but I don't agree: he is damn
Colin and Sharon are colleagues: she thinks that he is impressive but I don't agree: he is stupid
James and Sandra are colleagues: he thinks that she is difficult but I don't agree: she is intelligent
Peter and Diane are colleagues: her feeling about him is wise  and I agree
Ray and Patricia are colleagues: she thinks that he is successful but I don't agree: he is hormonal
Jack and Julia are colleagues: his feeling about her is weird and I agree
Scott and Kathleen are colleagues: she thinks that he is impressive but I don't agree: he is whining
Robert and Suzanne are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is inspiring and I agree
Al and Rebecca are colleagues: his feeling about her is lame and I agree
Edwin and Lisa are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is lovely and I agree
Ed and Janet are colleagues: she thinks that he is caring but I don't agree: he is dirty
Louis and Katherine are colleagues: his feeling about her is illogical and I agree
Stephen and Ashley are colleagues: she thinks that he is great but I don't agree: he is weak
Louis and Lucy are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is attractive and I agree
Paul and Sophie are colleagues: he thinks that she is sad but I don't agree: she is adorable
Henry and Lucy are colleagues: he thinks that she is giant and I agree
Martin and Martha are colleagues: she thinks that he is great and I agree
Francis and Pamela are colleagues: she thinks that he is extraordinary but I don't agree: he is whining
Bobby and Sara are colleagues: her feeling about him is good  and I agree
Ben and Lynn are colleagues: he thinks that she is weird but I don't agree: she is fantastic
Philip and Lynn are colleagues: his feeling about her is hysterical and I agree
Edward and Andrea are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is astonishing and I agree
James and Victoria are colleagues: his feeling about her is terrific and I agree
Albert and Suzanne are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is sad and I agree
Christopher and Judy are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is feisty and I agree
Gary and Christine are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is successful and I agree
Jimmy and Ruth are colleagues: she thinks that he is honest but I don't agree: he is wanky
Thomas and Amanda are colleagues: his feeling about her is lovely  and I agree
Bob and Jane are colleagues: he thinks that she is whining and I agree
Ian and Marie are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is brilliant and I agree
Dick and Jean are colleagues: she thinks that he is committed but I don't agree: he is dirty
Larry and Virginia are colleagues: he thinks that she is trustworthy and I agree
Ralph and Laura are colleagues: she thinks that he is rough and I agree
Jeff and Eleanor are colleagues: his feeling about her is attractive  and I agree
Larry and Rebecca are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is astonishing and I agree
Christopher and Barbara are colleagues: she thinks that he is enthusiastic but I don't agree: he is angry
Harry and Anne are colleagues: he thinks that she is extraordinary but I don't agree: she is irritating
Charles and Sara are colleagues: he thinks that she is caring and I agree
Greg and Marie are colleagues: he thinks that she is absolute and I agree
Richard and Lynn are colleagues: he thinks that she is bitchy but I don't agree: she is successful
Matt and Nancy are colleagues: he thinks that she is bad but I don't agree: she is astonishing
James and Jessica are colleagues: she thinks that he is damn and I agree
James and Sue are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is emotional and I agree
Greg and Linda are colleagues: she thinks that he is beautiful and I agree
Billy and Ann are colleagues: he thinks that she is good but I don't agree: she is aggressive
Robert and Christine are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is brilliant and I agree
Daniel and Elaine are colleagues: she thinks that he is evil and I agree
Ed and Lynn are colleagues: she thinks that he is lousy and I agree
Patrick and Nicole are colleagues: his feeling about her is inspiring  and I agree
Paul and Ruth are colleagues: she thinks that he is nice and I agree
Ralph and Betty are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is nice and I agree
Greg and Anna are colleagues: he thinks that she is extraordinary and I agree
Dan and Katherine are colleagues: his feeling about her is adorable  and I agree
Greg and Lucy are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is awful and I agree
Alan and Ellen are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is caring and I agree
Frank and Anna are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is wonderful and I agree
Edward and Ashley are colleagues: her feeling about him is amazing  and I agree
Anthony and Kim are colleagues: his feeling about her is intelligent  and I agree
Jay and Lucy are colleagues: he thinks that she is sad but I don't agree: she is extraordinary
Arthur and Marilyn are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is excellent and I agree
Bruce and Harriet are colleagues: her feeling about him is evil I agree
Stephen and Alison are colleagues: her feeling about him is creepy I agree
Jonathan and Susan are colleagues: she thinks that he is disappointing and I agree
Lawrence and Rebecca are colleagues: she thinks that he is weird but I don't agree: he is good
Thomas and Sharon are colleagues: he thinks that she is excellent and I agree
Anthony and Sara are colleagues: he thinks that she is trustworthy and I agree
Greg and Emily are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is sweet and I agree
Richard and Jean are colleagues: he thinks that she is absolute and I agree
Brian and Jean are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is lovely and I agree
Mike and Jane are colleagues: he thinks that she is creepy but I don't agree: she is cool
Colin and Andrea are colleagues: she thinks that he is shitty and I agree
Benjamin and Barbara are colleagues: she thinks that he is dreadful and I agree
Sam and Linda are colleagues: she thinks that he is bloody and I agree
Jerry and Kelly are colleagues: she thinks that he is rough and I agree
Steve and Helen are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is inspiring and I agree
Anthony and Sally are colleagues: he thinks that she is attractive and I agree
Bill and Anne are colleagues: his feeling about her is committed  and I agree
Jimmy and Carolyn are colleagues: she thinks that he is honest and I agree
Hugh and Lisa are colleagues: her feeling about him is wanky I agree
Michael and Donna are colleagues: he thinks that she is weird but I don't agree: she is intelligent
Colin and Eleanor are colleagues: she thinks that he is horrible but I don't agree: he is happy
Ben and Jill are colleagues: she thinks that he is feisty and I agree
Frank and Fiona are colleagues: she thinks that he is enthusiastic and I agree
Alex and Carol are colleagues: she thinks that he is extraordinary and I agree
Alexander and Judy are colleagues: his feeling about her is successful  and I agree
Francis and Melissa are colleagues: he thinks that she is dreadful and I agree
Harry and Pamela are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is trustworthy and I agree
Christopher and Kelly are colleagues: he thinks that she is cool but I don't agree: she is weak
Carl and Frances are colleagues: his feeling about her is feisty and I agree
Francis and Victoria are colleagues: she thinks that he is bloody but I don't agree: he is incredible
Tony and Ruth are colleagues: his feeling about her is beautiful  and I agree
Jerry and Mary are colleagues: her feeling about him is fantastic  and I agree
Joseph and Lynn are colleagues: he thinks that she is weird but I don't agree: she is astonishing
Jerry and Virginia are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is excellent and I agree
Simon and Marilyn are colleagues: she thinks that he is extraordinary but I don't agree: he is difficult
Lawrence and Emily are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is difficult and I agree
Michael and Heather are colleagues: he thinks that she is good but I don't agree: she is lousy
Ian and Mary are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is wanky and I agree
Stephen and Judy are colleagues: she thinks that he is dreadful but I don't agree: he is beautiful
Benjamin and Emma are colleagues: his feeling about her is successful  and I agree
Dick and Rose are colleagues: she thinks that he is annoying but I don't agree: he is beautiful
John and Katie are colleagues: his feeling about her is lame and I agree
Stephen and Dorothy are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is poor and I agree
Michael and Lauren are colleagues: she thinks that he is enthusiastic and I agree
Francis and Cynthia are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is terrible and I agree
Scott and Rose are colleagues: he thinks that she is beautiful but I don't agree: she is evil
Charlie and Anne are colleagues: he thinks that she is nasty but I don't agree: she is enthusiastic
Andrew and Lisa are colleagues: his feeling about her is weak and I agree
Francis and Jennifer are colleagues: his feeling about her is lousy and I agree
Christopher and Nancy are colleagues: his feeling about her is weird and I agree
Walter and Ann are colleagues: she thinks that he is lame and I agree
Samuel and Amanda are colleagues: he thinks that she is shameless and I agree
Al and Ellen are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is disappointing and I agree
Henry and Dorothy are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is fantastic and I agree
Joe and Melissa are colleagues: she thinks that he is incompetent and I agree
James and Edith are colleagues: he thinks that she is boring but I don't agree: she is nice
Mike and Cynthia are colleagues: her feeling about him is caring  and I agree
Carl and Julia are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is disgusting and I agree
Christopher and Marilyn are colleagues: she thinks that he is hormonal but I don't agree: he is adorable
Dan and Lauren are colleagues: her feeling about him is impressive  and I agree
Keith and Sarah are colleagues: she thinks that he is astonishing and I agree
Chris and Florence are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is brilliant and I agree
Greg and Katie are colleagues: his feeling about her is terrific and I agree
Benjamin and Emma are colleagues: her feeling about him is lying I agree
Scott and Nancy are colleagues: she thinks that he is good and I agree
Billy and Harriet are colleagues: he thinks that she is difficult and I agree
Tony and Kelly are colleagues: she thinks that he is hormonal but I don't agree: he is intelligent
Jeff and Victoria are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is bossy and I agree
Bill and Jill are colleagues: he thinks that she is emotional and I agree
Howard and Carolyn are colleagues: her feeling about him is dirty I agree
Hugh and Dorothy are colleagues: she thinks that he is extraordinary and I agree
Greg and Emily are colleagues: she thinks that he is incompetent and I agree
Sam and Fiona are colleagues: his feeling about her is bloody and I agree
Charlie and Louise are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is whining and I agree
Gary and Diane are colleagues: he thinks that she is extraordinary and I agree
Scott and Dorothy are colleagues: he thinks that she is dead and I agree
Adam and Carol are colleagues: her feeling about him is awful I agree
Greg and Margaret are colleagues: her feeling about him is brilliant  and I agree
Joe and Ashley are colleagues: she thinks that he is incredible but I don't agree: he is stupid
Lawrence and Caroline are colleagues: she thinks that he is dead and I agree
George and Dorothy are colleagues: he thinks that she is disgusting but I don't agree: she is attractive
Alexander and Joan are colleagues: he thinks that she is good but I don't agree: she is illogical
William and Julia are colleagues: her feeling about him is evil I agree
Steve and Andrea are colleagues: he thinks that she is impressive and I agree
John and Emma are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is enthusiastic and I agree
Dan and Dorothy are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is excellent and I agree
Don and Dorothy are colleagues: she thinks that he is incredible but I don't agree: he is fake
Harry and Amy are colleagues: she thinks that he is disappointing but I don't agree: he is fun
Charles and Linda are colleagues: she thinks that he is attractive but I don't agree: he is bitchy
Ben and Robin are colleagues: her feeling about him is whining I agree
James and Maria are colleagues: he thinks that she is nice but I don't agree: she is bitchy
Alan and Patricia are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is dead and I agree
Arthur and Marilyn are colleagues: she thinks that he is nice but I don't agree: he is dead
Bruce and Fiona are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is sad and I agree
Simon and Annie are colleagues: she thinks that he is brilliant but I don't agree: he is stupid
Ray and Sandra are colleagues: he thinks that she is great and I agree
Thomas and Jane are colleagues: he thinks that she is great and I agree
Benjamin and Edith are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is wicked and I agree
Dick and Elizabeth are colleagues: his feeling about her is good  and I agree
Edward and Evelyn are colleagues: his feeling about her is bloody and I agree
Dave and Heather are colleagues: his feeling about her is incredible  and I agree
Steve and Edith are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is attractive and I agree
Patrick and Kathryn are colleagues: he thinks that she is brilliant but I don't agree: she is terrific
William and Ellen are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is impressive and I agree
Hugh and Caroline are colleagues: he thinks that she is happy but I don't agree: she is twatty
Philip and Cynthia are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is fantastic and I agree
Ken and Susan are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is fantastic and I agree
Steven and Caroline are colleagues: he thinks that she is wonderful but I don't agree: she is illogical
Bob and Harriet are colleagues: she thinks that he is attractive and I agree
Stephen and Frances are colleagues: she thinks that he is disappointing but I don't agree: he is wonderful
Tony and Jill are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is illogical and I agree
Thomas and Marie are colleagues: her feeling about him is intelligent  and I agree
Daniel and Heather are colleagues: his feeling about her is good  and I agree
Matthew and Fiona are colleagues: he thinks that she is disappointing but I don't agree: she is honest
Thomas and Kate are colleagues: he thinks that she is sad but I don't agree: she is nice
Alfred and Sally are colleagues: he thinks that she is twatty and I agree
John and Wendy are colleagues: his feeling about her is difficult and I agree
Anthony and Kim are colleagues: the former thinks that the latter is rough and I agree
William and Joan are colleagues: his feeling about her is dead and I agree
Tim and Kim are colleagues: her feeling about him is annoying I agree
Bill and Kathryn are colleagues: she thinks that he is arrogant and I agree
Anthony and Christine are colleagues: her feeling about him is creepy I agree
Charlie and Diane are colleagues: her feeling about him is wise  and I agree
Kenneth and Angela are colleagues: he thinks that she is hysterical but I don't agree: she is inspiring
Roy and Charlotte are colleagues: she thinks that he is amazing and I agree
Johnny and Suzanne are colleagues: she thinks that he is incredible and I agree
Larry and Alison are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is committed and I agree
Carl and Grace are colleagues: she thinks that he is impressive and I agree
Charlie and Linda are colleagues: his feeling about her is cool  and I agree
Harold and Sharon are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is dead and I agree
Jason and Heather are colleagues: his feeling about her is fucking and I agree
Carl and Evelyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is lame but I don't agree: she is brilliant
Larry and Amy are colleagues: the latter thinks that the former is difficult and I agree
Tom and Claire are colleagues: her feeling about him is exceptional  and I agree
Al and Alexandra are colleagues: she thinks that he is intelligent but I don't agree: he is nasty
Jimmy and Marie are colleagues: she thinks that he is british and I agree
David and Carol are colleagues: she thinks that he is commercial and I agree
George and Alison are colleagues: she thinks that he is busy and I agree
Francis and Betty are colleagues: she thinks that he is muslim and I agree
David and Barbara are colleagues: he thinks that she is british and I agree
Jack and Dorothy are colleagues: he thinks that she is independent and I agree
Jack and Emily are colleagues: she thinks that he is russian and I agree
Alfred and Leslie are colleagues: she thinks that he is poor and I agree
Jimmy and Marilyn are colleagues: she thinks that he is white and I agree
Bobby and Elaine are colleagues: she thinks that he is atheist and I agree
Bill and Jill are colleagues: she thinks that he is israeli and I agree
Roy and Judy are colleagues: she thinks that he is single and I agree
Albert and Dorothy are colleagues: he thinks that she is married and I agree
Ken and Florence are colleagues: she thinks that he is british and I agree
Dave and Suzanne are colleagues: he thinks that she is working and I agree
Arthur and Heather are colleagues: she thinks that he is australian and I agree
Dick and Charlotte are colleagues: she thinks that he is poor and I agree
Dan and Julie are colleagues: she thinks that he is jewish and I agree
Benjamin and Carolyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is rich and I agree
James and Fiona are colleagues: he thinks that she is busy and I agree
William and Harriet are colleagues: she thinks that he is poor and I agree
Larry and Betty are colleagues: he thinks that she is poor and I agree
Bruce and Anna are colleagues: she thinks that he is gay and I agree
Arthur and Betty are colleagues: he thinks that she is commercial and I agree
Tom and Judith are colleagues: he thinks that she is gay and I agree
Eric and Carolyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is independent and I agree
Peter and Martha are colleagues: she thinks that he is immigrant and I agree
Jerry and Janet are colleagues: he thinks that she is independent and I agree
Richard and Katherine are colleagues: she thinks that he is british and I agree
Ben and Eleanor are colleagues: he thinks that she is private and I agree
Robert and Ashley are colleagues: she thinks that he is single and I agree
Jerry and Judith are colleagues: she thinks that he is independent and I agree
Ed and Charlotte are colleagues: she thinks that he is working and I agree
Donald and Evelyn are colleagues: he thinks that she is young and I agree
Roy and Kathryn are colleagues: he thinks that she is independent and I agree
Richard and Dorothy are colleagues: she thinks that he is independent and I agree
Philip and Stephanie are colleagues: he thinks that she is busy and I agree
Joe and Kathy are colleagues: he thinks that she is italian and I agree
Larry and Ann are colleagues: she thinks that he is unmarried and I agree
Nick and Joan are colleagues: he thinks that she is independent and I agree
Harold and Nicole are colleagues: he thinks that she is private and I agree
Tony and Edith are colleagues: he thinks that she is independent and I agree
Richard and Fiona are colleagues: he thinks that she is russian and I agree
Alex and Elizabeth are colleagues: he thinks that she is indian and I agree
Alexander and Robin are colleagues: he thinks that she is independent and I agree
Bruce and Anne are colleagues: he thinks that she is unmarried and I agree
Chris and Michelle are colleagues: he thinks that she is single and I agree
Kenneth and Victoria are colleagues: he thinks that she is commercial and I agree
Billy and Jill are colleagues: she thinks that he is armenian and I agree
Fred and Anna are colleagues: she thinks that he is american and I agree
Girls who can rock this thang~ #PrincipalSwag  http://t.co/5eCiip7D3j
Girls who can rock this thang~ #PrincipalSwag #Not http://t.co/5eCiip7D3j
Sitting in this hall is fun!!:unamused_face: 
Sitting in this hall is fun!! #not
@MaggieWinter21 your last retweet though 
@MaggieWinter21 your last retweet though #irony
Shoutout to my mom for being hella supportive of me 
Shoutout to my mom for being hella supportive of me #sarcasm
It's been a great week for dictators.  Congrats North Korea and Cuba. 
It's been a great week for dictators.  Congrats North Korea and Cuba. #sarcasm
What an eventful weekend 
What an eventful weekend #not
@Braaanchy14: Love randomly waking up at 5:43 am  me everyday multiple times :unamused_face::unamused_face:
@Braaanchy14: Love randomly waking up at 5:43 am #not me everyday multiple times 
Rogers, that smile just so accurately captures my reaction when I receive an extra high phone bill!   http://t.co/vFP1ehx7yL
Rogers, that smile just so accurately captures my reaction when I receive an extra high phone bill! #not #sarcasm http://t.co/vFP1ehx7yL
Lol my timehop guy though.  http://t.co/OdljZGV4VM
Lol my timehop guy though. #irony http://t.co/OdljZGV4VM
@Rich_Herrera_4: @pcon34 IT HAS THE WORD MAN IN IT!! Just as sexist as saying mail man instead of mail carrier.  #MichiganMan
@Rich_Herrera_4: @pcon34 IT HAS THE WORD MAN IN IT!! Just as sexist as saying mail man instead of mail carrier. #sarcasm #MichiganMan
I love seeing a guy go 50 and texting in a school zone, #soproud  #gpabdrivers
I love seeing a guy go 50 and texting in a school zone, #soproud #not #gpabdrivers
@amandakaschube Like I need to be reminded of BP Cup competition dates! 
@amandakaschube Like I need to be reminded of BP Cup competition dates! #sarcasm
Pay Ghost Soldiers in Iraq & cut pay of US #Military.  #keepyourpromise @SenateDems @Senate_GOPs @thejointstaff http://t.co/353PkrO9yC
Pay Ghost Soldiers in Iraq & cut pay of US #Military. #irony #keepyourpromise @SenateDems @Senate_GOPs @thejointstaff http://t.co/353PkrO9yC
so it's claimed that 99% of all russian athletes take performance enhancing drugs. there is a surprise 
so it's claimed that 99% of all russian athletes take performance enhancing drugs. there is a surprise #not
@FoulNecromancer lol how and what is a cthulhu ?? Funny autocorrect so helpful 
@FoulNecromancer lol how and what is a cthulhu ?? Funny autocorrect so helpful #not
Half the world is starving, the other half is struggling to lose weight! | #SickWorld
Half the world is starving, the other half is struggling to lose weight! |#Irony #SickWorld
14 units next semester plus work yes so excited for that!!! 
14 units next semester plus work yes so excited for that!!! #sarcasm
@MBCompanyMan Also, I would not that my tone was joking, though it's difficult to properly convey that in a Tweet. 
@MBCompanyMan Also, I would not that my tone was joking, though it's difficult to properly convey that in a Tweet. #sarcasm
@JimHumbert @GotNewsDotCom Really?! Unbelievable! U mean he was a Thug & Criminal?  
@JimHumbert @GotNewsDotCom Really?! Unbelievable! U mean he was a Thug & Criminal?  #sarcasm
@nelsonicolee funny 
@nelsonicolee funny #Not
Life requires one to be strong at different times. I wear my red briefs over my pants. U just need a lil lust to see 'em. #TooMuch 
Life requires one to be strong at different times. I wear my red briefs over my pants. U just need a lil lust to see 'em. #TooMuch #Sarcasm
The  of #American #protesters calling for an end to #RacialProfiling while holding signs referencing " #BlackPeople " | #ICantBreathe
The #irony of #American #protesters calling for an end to #RacialProfiling while holding signs referencing " #BlackPeople " | #ICantBreathe
Christmas shopping on 2hrs sleep is going to be fun!!!!! 
Christmas shopping on 2hrs sleep is going to be fun!!!!! #Not
@TODAYshow Joel Olstein, a man who hardly ever mentions Jesus in his sermons,  is going to talk about the meaning of Christmas?  
@TODAYshow Joel Olstein, a man who hardly ever mentions Jesus in his sermons,  is going to talk about the meaning of Christmas?  #Irony
The fun part about 4 am drives in the winter, is no one has cleaned the snow yet 
The fun part about 4 am drives in the winter, is no one has cleaned the snow yet #not
Now I remember why I buy books online @WaterstonesMK #servicewithasmile 
Now I remember why I buy books online @WaterstonesMK #servicewithasmile #NOT
Just delivered @DominiqueAnsel #cronuts to @BouchonBakeryRC hmmm  its for a customer I hope!!! http://t.co/KDx0FhVqCW
Just delivered @DominiqueAnsel #cronuts to @BouchonBakeryRC hmmm #irony its for a customer I hope!!! http://t.co/KDx0FhVqCW
Of course I'm not nervous, I'm hyperventilating for fun. 
Of course I'm not nervous, I'm hyperventilating for fun. #not
What an eventful day...  :victory_hand:
What an eventful day... #not 
I love my customers #annoying#stoptalking
I love my customers #not#annoying#stoptalking
@AIIAmericanGirI So, this Topless Feminist was just looking for someone to love? 
@AIIAmericanGirI So, this Topless Feminist was just looking for someone to love? #sarcasm
A 21 year old (whatever age you are IDGAF) acting like an immature little @#$%& in public? Yup you're a classy one.  #SoNotClassy
A 21 year old (whatever age you are IDGAF) acting like an immature little @#$%& in public? Yup you're a classy one. #Sarcasm #SoNotClassy
probably going to fail tomorrow yayy  #GlobalArtistHMA #MTVStars One Direction
probably going to fail tomorrow yayy #sarcasm #GlobalArtistHMA #MTVStars One Direction
@peta @KemDizzle     and how many animals does peta kill every year.|#hypocrisy #idiots|might want to point CID inward!
@peta @KemDizzle   #irony  and how many animals does peta kill every year.|#hypocrisy #idiots|might want to point CID inward!
@HuffingtonPost Who France? Impede free market capitalism? Socialists? No... not France... #shocker  #Uber rocks. Suck it France.
@HuffingtonPost Who France? Impede free market capitalism? Socialists? No... not France... #shocker #sarcasm #Uber rocks. Suck it France.
Ahh gotta love those December electric bills. 
Ahh gotta love those December electric bills. #Not
Youve got to just love the efficiency @usps two-day service!  #7DayService #prioritymail #hahahaha http://t.co/oQsqUAo5a9
Youve got to just love the efficiency @usps two-day service! #not #7DayService #prioritymail #hahahaha http://t.co/oQsqUAo5a9
Nothing makes me happier then getting on the highway and seeing break lights light up like a Christmas tree.. 
Nothing makes me happier then getting on the highway and seeing break lights light up like a Christmas tree.. #not
@carnsoreboxer you'd really want to watch that!! #excessivecomsumption !
@carnsoreboxer you'd really want to watch that!! #excessivecomsumption #not!
@teemysbosworth yay!!!! It works  #HateWhenThingsDontWorkRight
@teemysbosworth yay!!!! It works #sarcasm #HateWhenThingsDontWorkRight
@honestfandom oh mature girls 
@honestfandom oh mature girls #sarcasm
decided to do a really fun thing, left myself 15 hours to sit an exam and write 3 x min. 1000 word essays 
decided to do a really fun thing, left myself 15 hours to sit an exam and write 3 x min. 1000 word essays #not
Many of the best ideas come from having fingers too fat for your keyboard.  #nimble  #agile
Many of the best ideas come from having fingers too fat for your keyboard. #not #nimble #not #agile
@SkySportsNewsHQ nice to see you admit your errors   slightly different from your earlier stats for 2014! @TeamAndo180
@SkySportsNewsHQ nice to see you admit your errors #Sarcasm  slightly different from your earlier stats for 2014! @TeamAndo180
I hate when random people get in the hot tub with me #favthings  https://t.co/RsjUcgRhJv
I hate when random people get in the hot tub with me #favthings #NOT https://t.co/RsjUcgRhJv
Love working and be exhausted all the time 
Love working and be exhausted all the time #not
Experts Doubt North Korea Hacked Sony  CBS Dallas / Fort Worth http://t.co/2xIWLuFeGE #hacker #hacked 
Experts Doubt North Korea Hacked Sony  CBS Dallas / Fort Worth http://t.co/2xIWLuFeGE #hacker #hacked #Not
The city that only sleeps on mass transit. #naptime  #isntitironic #donchathink #imnotsure... http://t.co/yKcxmW5dVX
The city that only sleeps on mass transit. #naptime #irony #isntitironic #donchathink #imnotsure... http://t.co/yKcxmW5dVX
It seems that Erdogan sends his best regards to the EU 
It seems that Erdogan sends his best regards to the EU #Sarcasm
Today's court proceedings, allowing prisoners access to books in England & Wales, surely confirms it's time to limit judicial review. 
Today's court proceedings, allowing prisoners access to books in England & Wales, surely confirms it's time to limit judicial review. #irony
I seriously loveeeee how much you care 
I seriously loveeeee how much you care #sarcasm
@Giraffe737 the good old days! 
@Giraffe737 the good old days! #NOT
Oh, thank GOD - our entire office email system is down... the day of a big event. Santa, you know JUST what to get me for xmas. 
Oh, thank GOD - our entire office email system is down... the day of a big event. Santa, you know JUST what to get me for xmas. #sarcasm
Well that's my Becky in London with her nan, an the big girl dan too start her new job tomorrow #feelingabandoned  haha
Well that's my Becky in London with her nan, an the big girl dan too start her new job tomorrow #feelingabandoned #not haha
DNA from Richard III has thrown up a surprise: evidence of infidelity in his family tree. http://t.co/tXu9ZtrNaX  ||Well I'm SHOCKED. 
DNA from Richard III has thrown up a surprise: evidence of infidelity in his family tree. http://t.co/tXu9ZtrNaX  ||Well I'm SHOCKED. #not
In other news i havent had a good nights sleep in a week. I feel great. 
In other news i havent had a good nights sleep in a week. I feel great. #sarcasm
Pediatric Grand Rounds on statin therapy and the dyslipidemia of obesity. Breakfast on offer is 2 grand platters of donuts. 
Pediatric Grand Rounds on statin therapy and the dyslipidemia of obesity. Breakfast on offer is 2 grand platters of donuts. #irony
A romantic candlelit dinner for two would cost less if you switched the lights on -  ESKOM pic from the 1990's http://t.co/cxnIdmB3qn
A romantic candlelit dinner for two would cost less if you switched the lights on - #irony ESKOM pic from the 1990's http://t.co/cxnIdmB3qn
Twig is now "Sprig"3 sec limit on new social video platform  #techtalk #editorspick #sillyvine #Tr... https://t.co/0DMkcXpYzq
Twig is now "Sprig"3 sec limit on new social video platform #irony #techtalk #editorspick #sillyvine #Tr... https://t.co/0DMkcXpYzq
Extending trade and not telling the people about the extended trade. Best idea ever! 
Extending trade and not telling the people about the extended trade. Best idea ever! #not
@TNADixie @IMPACTWRESTLING @DestAmerica Fuck yeah! 600 more viewers! 
@TNADixie @IMPACTWRESTLING @DestAmerica Fuck yeah! 600 more viewers! #Sarcasm
She heard Him cry and His little fingers & toes were counted and Mary exclaimed "He's PERFECT!"  Oh Mary, you so cray cray. 
She heard Him cry and His little fingers & toes were counted and Mary exclaimed "He's PERFECT!"  Oh Mary, you so cray cray. #irony
@JColeNC thanks for noticing me 
@JColeNC thanks for noticing me #sarcasm
San Diego is amazing and I'm never coming home 
San Diego is amazing and I'm never coming home #Sarcasm
I picked a great night to not want to sleep. 
I picked a great night to not want to sleep. #sarcasm
They bombarded out country  #immigration @BBCr4today
They bombarded out country #irony #immigration @BBCr4today
Oh, joy! 'Tis the season for "Christmas came early" leads.  #DoBetter
Oh, joy! 'Tis the season for "Christmas came early" leads. #sarcasm #DoBetter
What a good way to start the New Year..|
What a good way to start the New Year..|#Sarcasm
Aaaaaaaaand we're back in the ER. Hooray for no sleep! 
Aaaaaaaaand we're back in the ER. Hooray for no sleep! #not
@GarnetNGold22: So PSN and Xbox Live are both down on a day many people get new video games.||North Korean hack? :tired_face:
@GarnetNGold22: So PSN and Xbox Live are both down on a day many people get new video games.#Irony||North Korean hack? 
.@ThatNeilGuy Isn't it great how all those ppl have done a public mea culpa since that didn't happen? 
.@ThatNeilGuy Isn't it great how all those ppl have done a public mea culpa since that didn't happen? #sarcasm
My teacher just gave me an "I feel sorry for you look" I must look really adorable... 
My teacher just gave me an "I feel sorry for you look" I must look really adorable... #not
Bush 'fully informed' of CIA methods http://t.co/qRvvPVrjVh No?? Really?? Shocking... 
Bush 'fully informed' of CIA methods http://t.co/qRvvPVrjVh No?? Really?? Shocking... #not
@TheoCorleone @david_maclellan Shit! I better shut my stupid girly mouth because im so concerned about what men might think of me. 
@TheoCorleone @david_maclellan Shit! I better shut my stupid girly mouth because im so concerned about what men might think of me. #Not
Those bad Anonymous and Occupy people did it all because they support white supremacy 
Those bad Anonymous and Occupy people did it all because they support white supremacy #sarcasm
Oh how I love fainting randomly  
Oh how I love fainting randomly  #not
... @NICKIMINAJ slaying in Igloo Australia's home country lol  RT > @MalikZMinaj: Nicki is SLAYING New Zealand! http://t.co/5oIm9uZNQr
... @NICKIMINAJ slaying in Igloo Australia's home country lol #Irony RT > @MalikZMinaj: Nicki is SLAYING New Zealand! http://t.co/5oIm9uZNQr
@FAOnews @AMISoutlook And why are these amazingly small opportunities to sustain life going into feeding animals which we then kill? 
@FAOnews @AMISoutlook And why are these amazingly small opportunities to sustain life going into feeding animals which we then kill? #irony
@stephen__tommy and yeah I set it at 130 not 150 because overworking your rookie pitchers is totally okay 
@stephen__tommy and yeah I set it at 130 not 150 because overworking your rookie pitchers is totally okay #not
50 mph winds make a great hair fan for a photo shoot. :smiling_face_with_open_mouth:
50 mph winds make a great hair fan for a photo shoot. #not
@XFINITY yay another outage in less than 8 hours. Keep up the good work! 
@XFINITY yay another outage in less than 8 hours. Keep up the good work! #sarcasm
@eXoAnnihilator @roIIerCosta @KSIOlajidebt tells someone to spell correctly while completely fucking up his tweet 
@eXoAnnihilator @roIIerCosta @KSIOlajidebt tells someone to spell correctly while completely fucking up his tweet #Irony
Sanjay Dutt asks for parole to meet his wife whereas other husbands want parole from their wives but there no body exist to grant it.|
Sanjay Dutt asks for parole to meet his wife whereas other husbands want parole from their wives but there no body exist to grant it.|#irony
Since when did train fare get so expensive?? Jesus! Might aswell of drove.... Shame I'm drinking 
Since when did train fare get so expensive?? Jesus! Might aswell of drove.... Shame I'm drinking #not
You know what's awesome? When all your gear (sliders, dolly, monitor, etc) gets delivered @ the end of filming.  #somadatBandHandadorama
You know what's awesome? When all your gear (sliders, dolly, monitor, etc) gets delivered @ the end of filming. #not #somadatBandHandadorama
@sidney483 A British world champion in one of the most demanding & popular sports on earth. Yeah, of course I'm being sarcastic. 
@sidney483 A British world champion in one of the most demanding & popular sports on earth. Yeah, of course I'm being sarcastic. #irony
@Darhino_ @joystiq sure! "wow, Nintendo has achieved what Sony already did years ago" 
@Darhino_ @joystiq sure! "wow, Nintendo has achieved what Sony already did years ago" #sarcasm
Why YES! Of course I use  a lot in my day....because violence is illegal.
Why YES! Of course I use #sarcasm a lot in my day....because violence is illegal.
@NBCSportsRoc: Arizona Coyotes forge deal with BMW http://t.co/s7ZhDHk5li But, relocation!!! 
@NBCSportsRoc: Arizona Coyotes forge deal with BMW http://t.co/s7ZhDHk5li But, relocation!!! #Sarcasm
@APMarkLong but it wasn't as bad as that picture seemed to indicate.  You're still a very horrible person.  
@APMarkLong but it wasn't as bad as that picture seemed to indicate.  You're still a very horrible person.  #sarcasm
Can't believe @TAMU is even considering renaming the Academic Building after Perry...b/c he did so much great stuff for public educ? 
Can't believe @TAMU is even considering renaming the Academic Building after Perry...b/c he did so much great stuff for public educ? #irony
My boy has another cold and spent the night coughing and sneezing all over me #sexy 
My boy has another cold and spent the night coughing and sneezing all over me #sexy #not
Jordan fan here|| :face_with_stuck-out_tongue: -not a hater. http://t.co/daNzVEUucm
Jordan fan here||#sarcasm  -not a hater. http://t.co/daNzVEUucm
Just great when you're mobile bill arrives by text 
Just great when you're mobile bill arrives by text #Not
It's not even 9 and I've already called the cops twice.. Damn I love my job :unamused_face: 
It's not even 9 and I've already called the cops twice.. Damn I love my job  #Not
@deputymartinski please do..i need the second hand embarrassment so desperatly on my phone 
@deputymartinski please do..i need the second hand embarrassment so desperatly on my phone #sarcasm
@SportMajor No, voting somebody in because they're from Latvia is way more important than voting for the best players. 
@SportMajor No, voting somebody in because they're from Latvia is way more important than voting for the best players. #sarcasm
Love this weather 
Love this weather #Not
@firstpostin At the same length, we should not forget about the fundamental communal sanghi Hindu fanatic RSS in our backyard. 
@firstpostin At the same length, we should not forget about the fundamental communal sanghi Hindu fanatic RSS in our backyard. #Sarcasm
Oracle on Windows 2000. This should be fun! 
Oracle on Windows 2000. This should be fun! #Not
I love waking up at 4am everyday and then running 5 miles.. favorite part of the Army :) 
I love waking up at 4am everyday and then running 5 miles.. favorite part of the Army :) #sarcasm
@br_radio @BR_NFL @JasonPhilCole no duh. ? Is will owners fire Goodell for it? My guess he gets a raise  #GoodellMustGo
@br_radio @BR_NFL @JasonPhilCole no duh. ? Is will owners fire Goodell for it? My guess he gets a raise #sarcasm #GoodellMustGo
.@tomorrowstand Yup. That's exactly how we do it 
.@tomorrowstand Yup. That's exactly how we do it #sarcasm
What a joke. Thanks for the detailed response and communication with your customers.  @AskPlayStation @PlayStation
What a joke. Thanks for the detailed response and communication with your customers. #sarcasm @AskPlayStation @PlayStation
@ColossusBets reminds of me of myself when i was younger||
@ColossusBets reminds of me of myself when i was younger||#not
wow, look at you hotshot.  #isthatajoke
wow, look at you hotshot. #sarcasm #isthatajoke
#Dallas #traffic I sure missed you!  @ Downtown Dallas Traffic http://t.co/ryHS7wiLb7
#Dallas #traffic I sure missed you! #not @ Downtown Dallas Traffic http://t.co/ryHS7wiLb7
@mmsevents: #OneloveFestival Sat 20 Dec. Table bookings: R800 includes 1 bottle, 12 mixers... Uh-oh I smell so much  it's lovely!
@mmsevents: #OneloveFestival Sat 20 Dec. Table bookings: R800 includes 1 bottle, 12 mixers... Uh-oh I smell so much #IRONY it's lovely!
can't wait for the 3:30 hour drive back home.    #betarocks15
can't wait for the 3:30 hour drive back home. #sarcasm   #betarocks15
Blowing your nose so hard your ears pop is the greatest way to start a Wednesday. 
Blowing your nose so hard your ears pop is the greatest way to start a Wednesday. #not
@LexGrayWAVY @WAVY_News "Unity we stand" all white people. 
@LexGrayWAVY @WAVY_News "Unity we stand" all white people. #irony
Lol, who throws middle fingers up in pictures anymore? Oh, you're bad. 
Lol, who throws middle fingers up in pictures anymore? Oh, you're bad. #not
It's great to hear a bloodcurdling scream at 4 in the morning... 
It's great to hear a bloodcurdling scream at 4 in the morning... #Not
@michael_adair @CelticLiam88 For Queen and country yet they go down and destroy an English city and attack English police lol 
@michael_adair @CelticLiam88 For Queen and country yet they go down and destroy an English city and attack English police lol #IRONY
CIA report highlighting the stark differences b/t the present & former administrations' approach to nat'l security. 
CIA report highlighting the stark differences b/t the present & former administrations' approach to nat'l security. #sarcasm
@BaniHillal "i feel bad for the American people, now we should invade their country in kill their children so we can save them" 
@BaniHillal "i feel bad for the American people, now we should invade their country in kill their children so we can save them" #sarcasm
BBC News - 'Skywalker' passport cancelled because it was 'frivolous' #trademarks  http://t.co/chTEamOZcC
BBC News - 'Skywalker' passport cancelled because it was 'frivolous' #trademarks #not http://t.co/chTEamOZcC
Yay for another work at 4am day :neutral_face: 
Yay for another work at 4am day  #not
#Work#Trains#TheGrind#London#Business#MyHappyFace http://t.co/fdE2iQpuQz
#Work#Trains#TheGrind#London#Business#MyHappyFace#Not http://t.co/fdE2iQpuQz
I have such a loving family 
I have such a loving family #sarcasm
Rolls-Royce, as envisioned by the wonderful people at Mansory #rollsroyce #purple #customcar  http://t.co/gbK733wrZ3
Rolls-Royce, as envisioned by the wonderful people at Mansory #rollsroyce #purple #customcar #sarcasm http://t.co/gbK733wrZ3
dude said I better think hard , so he can take me to cheddars lmao ! 
dude said I better think hard , so he can take me to cheddars lmao ! #not
@BIBN2010 Weeeeee! You too! I love that xbox live and playstation network are down due to hackers on Christmas. 
@BIBN2010 Weeeeee! You too! I love that xbox live and playstation network are down due to hackers on Christmas. #Sarcasm
My dads letting me drywall with him for Christmas. Just what I always wanted. 
My dads letting me drywall with him for Christmas. Just what I always wanted. #not
Jeez it's a lovely morning out!! :dash_symbol::droplet::splashing_sweat_symbol: :thumbs_down_sign:  #Ireland #December
Jeez it's a lovely morning out!!   #Not #Ireland #December
Yes it is much more logical to support criminals & attack police officers for protecting life & property. #HandsUpDontShoot 
Yes it is much more logical to support criminals & attack police officers for protecting life & property. #HandsUpDontShoot #sarcasm
Less than 5 hours sleep, fantastic  :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:
Less than 5 hours sleep, fantastic #not 
I always LOVED that my family was the last one to open presents 
I always LOVED that my family was the last one to open presents #not
Having to be up in four hours sounds great 
Having to be up in four hours sounds great #NOT
Planned on an early night last night.. Oh yaa course that happened..  #gotinterupted
Planned on an early night last night.. Oh yaa course that happened.. #not #gotinterupted
Why isn't there a playoff legend Romo? @EASPORTS_MUT 
Why isn't there a playoff legend Romo? @EASPORTS_MUT #Sarcasm
I love 14 hour shifts  :weary_face::weary_face::weary_face:
I love 14 hour shifts #not 
@falklands_utd @StanCollymore I'm sure you're all inconsolable 
@falklands_utd @StanCollymore I'm sure you're all inconsolable #not
OH and now the District line has major signal failures and delays FANTASTIC!!! 
OH and now the District line has major signal failures and delays FANTASTIC!!! #sarcasm
I only bought a few people gifts this year :flushed_face::flushed_face::flushed_face::flushed_face:  http://t.co/dCNW7tTApn
I only bought a few people gifts this year  #not http://t.co/dCNW7tTApn
 :-|Gifted by the God|Improved with Skills| #KarmicThought #WiseWord
#Sarcasm :-|Gifted by the God|Improved with Skills| #KarmicThought #WiseWord
People who don't get : you are THE BEST!
People who don't get #sarcasm: you are THE BEST!
Happy Monday!  Hate mondays.
Happy Monday! #Not Hate mondays.
@SP_EnergyPeople I see your response time on your DM's is as good as your phone lines.. just no hold music. Legendary service guys.
@SP_EnergyPeople I see your response time on your DM's is as good as your phone lines.. just no hold music. Legendary service guys.#sarcasm
#mondaymorning pouring rain and i am singing 'the most wonderful time of the year' as i walk to the office 
#mondaymorning pouring rain and i am singing 'the most wonderful time of the year' as i walk to the office #irony
The thing I love the most about coming into work early? Having everyone ask me why I'm here so early. Gets me every time.  #annoying
The thing I love the most about coming into work early? Having everyone ask me why I'm here so early. Gets me every time. #sarcasm #annoying
Oh how I love listening to Fox News in the background while opening presents. 
Oh how I love listening to Fox News in the background while opening presents. #not
Ohh he can climb a rope? Just like every other commando? Super talented.  #TakeMeOut
Ohh he can climb a rope? Just like every other commando? Super talented. #sarcasm #TakeMeOut
@Shaneonair large companies don't pay tax and get away with it.individuals who don't pay get locked up or fined. 
@Shaneonair large companies don't pay tax and get away with it.individuals who don't pay get locked up or fined. #irony
That one time I didn't feel in over my head. 
That one time I didn't feel in over my head. #sarcasm
Can't wait to see all the ig pics of people bragging about what they got  #noonegivesafuck
Can't wait to see all the ig pics of people bragging about what they got #not #noonegivesafuck
@DJNoreenKhan @iHaroonRashid the only scary Bollywood film I've watched is Bhootnaath 
@DJNoreenKhan @iHaroonRashid the only scary Bollywood film I've watched is Bhootnaath #sarcasm
Yea, yea that's logical. 
Yea, yea that's logical. #Not
I can already tell today is going to be a wonderful day 
I can already tell today is going to be a wonderful day #sarcasm
That moment when you have so much stuff to do but you open @tumblr ... #productivity  #tumblr
That moment when you have so much stuff to do but you open @tumblr ... #productivity #not #tumblr
Love these cold winter mornings :grimacing_face: best feeling everrrrrrr !
Love these cold winter mornings  best feeling everrrrrrr #Not!
For those of you that LOVE this time of year.  https://t.co/r6utbrXVrU
For those of you that LOVE this time of year. #Sarcasm https://t.co/r6utbrXVrU
When you show your valid 16-25 railcard and shes charges you full price anyway. Great service from Tamworth  @LondonMidland
When you show your valid 16-25 railcard and shes charges you full price anyway. Great service from Tamworth #not @LondonMidland
.@nypost .@Cameron_Gray Oh that makes it all better!!! 
.@nypost .@Cameron_Gray Oh that makes it all better!!! #not
While politicians are busy in scuffles #PakArmy is doing their job yet maligned  "@peaceful_h:Salute 2 PAKARMY http://t.co/XZje4FxCLf"
While politicians are busy in scuffles #PakArmy is doing their job yet maligned #Irony "@peaceful_h:Salute 2 PAKARMY http://t.co/XZje4FxCLf"
Well, weekend is over!|Now it's #TwitterTime again :D|Have a nice monday!|
Well, weekend is over!|Now it's #TwitterTime again :D|Have a nice monday!|#irony
Most useful algorithm I've learned in class so far is finding a substring by using the fast fourier transform 
Most useful algorithm I've learned in class so far is finding a substring by using the fast fourier transform #sarcasm
Aw thanks mother nature. Merry Christmas to you too! 
Aw thanks mother nature. Merry Christmas to you too! #sarcasm
Last day in Naples with my Emma girl! :palm_tree::black_sun_with_rays:#soeasytotakeapicwithatoddler  #19wksandcounting... http://t.co/Xb43RmsXAj
Last day in Naples with my Emma girl! #soeasytotakeapicwithatoddler #not #19wksandcounting... http://t.co/Xb43RmsXAj
Getting my midterm back was such a great start to my day  #badday
Getting my midterm back was such a great start to my day #NOT #badday
Where you our #ShamiWitness now?  |"@Dannymakkisyria: The gunman is also said to be monitoring social media activity #sydneysiege"
Where you our #ShamiWitness now? #sarcasm |"@Dannymakkisyria: The gunman is also said to be monitoring social media activity #sydneysiege"
NYPD blog: http://t.co/TJP2KAP9du  Don't you feel safe and protected?  #ICantBreathe
NYPD blog: http://t.co/TJP2KAP9du  Don't you feel safe and protected? #NOT #ICantBreathe
thanks for clearing everything up Koenig  #serialbrady
thanks for clearing everything up Koenig #not #serialbrady
I'm glad H & M has employed enough staff today.  #nohelp #terrible
I'm glad H & M has employed enough staff today. #sarcasm #nohelp #terrible
It is so rewarding to work in a place where the teachers and students have been reduced to nothing but numbers and test scores.  
It is so rewarding to work in a place where the teachers and students have been reduced to nothing but numbers and test scores.  #sarcasm
Kevin Durant with 23pts on 8-13 shooting, has this nigga been inefficient since he came. 
Kevin Durant with 23pts on 8-13 shooting, has this nigga been inefficient since he came. #sarcasm
@C_o_r_g_i wtf thanks for saying bye 
@C_o_r_g_i wtf thanks for saying bye #not
@ScottishFA @RaeComm @ChampionsLeague sure that will end well 
@ScottishFA @RaeComm @ChampionsLeague sure that will end well #not
I love how today is going 
I love how today is going #sarcasm
Just realized I haven't watched this weeks episode of Degrassi.  I "eventually" get around to it.  
Just realized I haven't watched this weeks episode of Degrassi.  I "eventually" get around to it.  #sarcasm
When you're already running late and then your car won't start <<< #FantasticFriday 
When you're already running late and then your car won't start <<< #FantasticFriday #not
@michelledean @AVAETC not playing out in the provinces like, oh, Mississippi. 
@michelledean @AVAETC not playing out in the provinces like, oh, Mississippi. #irony
Today is awesome! 
Today is awesome! #Not
Ahhh 7 a.m bedtimes, how I've missed you  #examproblems
Ahhh 7 a.m bedtimes, how I've missed you #not #examproblems
BBC News - New Forest road safety campaign donkey killed by car http://t.co/Ft5VPVZCU0 
BBC News - New Forest road safety campaign donkey killed by car http://t.co/Ft5VPVZCU0 #irony
@DrunkVinodMehta isnt it obvious #Sadhvi case and #Rape cases are 2 different things. You cannot co-relate both thngs to 1 sentence 
@DrunkVinodMehta isnt it obvious #Sadhvi case and #Rape cases are 2 different things. You cannot co-relate both thngs to 1 sentence #Sarcasm
I just love not being able to sleep..  #sotired
I just love not being able to sleep.. #not #sotired
@JordanNoftall that's funny 
@JordanNoftall that's funny #not
I feel like crap today. So instead of Redbull I'm drinking something healthy. #NewYearNewMe  #TotallyStillGoingToDrinkTheRedbull
I feel like crap today. So instead of Redbull I'm drinking something healthy. #NewYearNewMe #Sarcasm #TotallyStillGoingToDrinkTheRedbull
Did you know ? If you are reading this right now you are not blind...lol. 
Did you know ? If you are reading this right now you are not blind...lol. #sarcasm
@51allout Kohli showing all the guts of Scooby Doo. #CaptainCourageous 
@51allout Kohli showing all the guts of Scooby Doo. #CaptainCourageous #Not
It's okay, you know playing loud music during quiet hours is perfectly fine..  #somepplhavetostudy
It's okay, you know playing loud music during quiet hours is perfectly fine.. #not #somepplhavetostudy
@STN_Airport your busy staff  standing about when people queue #joke http://t.co/IS904hBqnK
@STN_Airport your busy staff #not standing about when people queue #joke http://t.co/IS904hBqnK
#TortureReport trending; I wasn't aware J.K. Rowling released her new book. 
#TortureReport trending; I wasn't aware J.K. Rowling released her new book. #sarcasm
Makes perfect sense to get mad about something that happen 4+ years ago. 
Makes perfect sense to get mad about something that happen 4+ years ago. #not
#latergram with thegoldcoin. Classes done, research is not. #gradschool #basic #blessed ... http://t.co/1kEoWZw7NZ
#latergram with thegoldcoin. Classes done, research is not. #gradschool #basic #blessed #irony... http://t.co/1kEoWZw7NZ
Why am I sick? *looks at other tweets* oh yeah sex...  #lame
Why am I sick? *looks at other tweets* oh yeah sex... #irony #lame
...but then it started itself and made the Windows noise. So starts this exciting day of mine...! 
...but then it started itself and made the Windows noise. So starts this exciting day of mine...! #Not
@yWTorres9 time to hit the books then 
@yWTorres9 time to hit the books then #irony
It's hot, it's humid & you're wearing uggs. Wow. Nice style! 
It's hot, it's humid & you're wearing uggs. Wow. Nice style! #sarcasm
at least... I've got spine, cause I can feel the pain in my back. #thinkpositive|
at least... I've got spine, cause I can feel the pain in my back. #thinkpositive|#sarcasm
Well my mornings going very nicely:smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
Well my mornings going very nicely #not
I asked God to protect me from my enemies a long time ago .. short after I started losing friends  or #naah
I asked God to protect me from my enemies a long time ago .. short after I started losing friends #irony or #naah
This chap seems to be a bit of an over sexed out going extrovert ... Must be his overly masculine voice and demeanor.  
This chap seems to be a bit of an over sexed out going extrovert ... Must be his overly masculine voice and demeanor.  #sarcasm
Thanks Mother nature.. You didn't give us as snow day and now my twitter is filled with people complaining 
Thanks Mother nature.. You didn't give us as snow day and now my twitter is filled with people complaining #irony
Travel and tourism this morning.My favourite lesson whoooo 
Travel and tourism this morning.My favourite lesson whoooo #sarcasm
Kind of love how I got a voicemail from my seat neighbor wondering where I was yet they constantly sell their ticket & I never ask 
Kind of love how I got a voicemail from my seat neighbor wondering where I was yet they constantly sell their ticket & I never ask #sarcasm
Soccer game should be fun today...:face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
Soccer game should be fun today... #not
Galliani already jumping into the changing room, likely discovered what Seedorf told him all along ... same thing Pippo is saying now 
Galliani already jumping into the changing room, likely discovered what Seedorf told him all along ... same thing Pippo is saying now #irony
Yay for my family leaving & going to Seneca & leaving me to fend for myself. 
Yay for my family leaving & going to Seneca & leaving me to fend for myself. #Not
Well done @tesco for making it possible to get emergency messages to a member of staff. 
Well done @tesco for making it possible to get emergency messages to a member of staff. #sarcasm
Yay for getting pink eye again!  #whyme
Yay for getting pink eye again! #not #whyme
I just love it when my knee clicks :smiling_face_with_open_mouth_and_smiling_eyes:  :unamused_face:
I just love it when my knee clicks  #not 
Left my lunch at home. Swansea canteen outdoing themselves with this generous and well priced portion of food  http://t.co/jn7Kff2K18
Left my lunch at home. Swansea canteen outdoing themselves with this generous and well priced portion of food #not http://t.co/jn7Kff2K18
@G_Wade_TooFlyy yea we was we too only a couple schools played black & not its a black dominate game 
@G_Wade_TooFlyy yea we was we too only a couple schools played black & not its a black dominate game #irony
Oh we get to see The Queens Garden on #itv after she addresses the nation. Just what I always wanted  :flushed_face:
Oh we get to see The Queens Garden on #itv after she addresses the nation. Just what I always wanted #not 
Great, I've got a lung infection. This is fun. :/ | #notfun #miserable
Great, I've got a lung infection. This is fun. :/ |#sarcasm #notfun #miserable
Staying #casual #monday #funday  #ootd #fashion #style #allyouneedisstyle #todayimwearing http://t.co/tpuVqw7K4s
Staying #casual #monday #funday #NOT #ootd #fashion #style #allyouneedisstyle #todayimwearing http://t.co/tpuVqw7K4s
I got tampons!  http://t.co/lnWQtxriUZ
I got tampons! #not http://t.co/lnWQtxriUZ
Wearing my @BriBrows22 rangers shirt, flipping off a crowd in his hometown of boston. So much  http://t.co/e7W8prHTE0
Wearing my @BriBrows22 rangers shirt, flipping off a crowd in his hometown of boston. So much #irony http://t.co/e7W8prHTE0
Someone stop Obama! USA only should have relations with human rights loving nations like Saudi Arabia. Not terrorist Cuba! #Cuba 
Someone stop Obama! USA only should have relations with human rights loving nations like Saudi Arabia. Not terrorist Cuba! #Cuba #sarcasm
Smh never knew something could be 80% halal....Been muslim my whole life but somehow i've learned something new i guess 
Smh never knew something could be 80% halal....Been muslim my whole life but somehow i've learned something new i guess #Not
@Madalyn_Biggs4 yeah that's it 
@Madalyn_Biggs4 yeah that's it #sarcasm
@RMaybo another case of away the lads  or to put it in song tell me why we don't do north london !! #TyneWeirSunday
@RMaybo another case of away the lads #Not or to put it in song tell me why we don't do north london !! #TyneWeirSunday
@junior_miller @gordonkeith Junior got a rim shot for a 'rim job' joke. 
@junior_miller @gordonkeith Junior got a rim shot for a 'rim job' joke. #irony
.@ChipBrent I love the #gamergate concept of harassing and spamming porn at any critics as proof that you're not a hate group. 
.@ChipBrent I love the #gamergate concept of harassing and spamming porn at any critics as proof that you're not a hate group. #irony
last day of classes #trill except finals whoop 
last day of classes #trill except finals whoop #not
A day where  ruled @twitter, I got followed by @Sarcasmia. Wht a  day!! Lollllll.
A day where #Sarcasm ruled @twitter, I got followed by @Sarcasmia. Wht a #Sarcastic day!! Lollllll.
With dropping oil prices, thank goodness #PMHarper has worked so hard trying to tie our economy to the oil & gas sector.  #cdnpoli
With dropping oil prices, thank goodness #PMHarper has worked so hard trying to tie our economy to the oil & gas sector. #sarcasm #cdnpoli
@YankeesWFAN @Ken_Rosenthal trading a SP for a defense-only SS? Brilliant trade. 
@YankeesWFAN @Ken_Rosenthal trading a SP for a defense-only SS? Brilliant trade. #sarcasm
Physical therapy at 8 am is just what I want to be doing with my Friday  #iwanttosleep
Physical therapy at 8 am is just what I want to be doing with my Friday #not #iwanttosleep
@RedSox you guys sure screwed this up royally. I'm happy for Lester, the brain trust over there sucks. #nicejob  #LesterToChicago
@RedSox you guys sure screwed this up royally. I'm happy for Lester, the brain trust over there sucks. #nicejob #not #LesterToChicago
anw as long as there's nothing going on with the both of u rn, i can still forgive u but i cant promise to forget 
anw as long as there's nothing going on with the both of u rn, i can still forgive u but i cant promise to forget #sarcasm
Sweet United Nations video. Just in time for Christmas. #imagine #NoReligion  http://t.co/fej2v3OUBR
Sweet United Nations video. Just in time for Christmas. #imagine #NoReligion #irony http://t.co/fej2v3OUBR
Always nice when a 40 year old man you don't know calls you pretty 
Always nice when a 40 year old man you don't know calls you pretty #not
Really looked forward to waking up this early for finals...... 
Really looked forward to waking up this early for finals...... #Not
I've changed gazilion times the #java configuration NOT to check for updates. It's nice that every five minutes asks me for an update! 
I've changed gazilion times the #java configuration NOT to check for updates. It's nice that every five minutes asks me for an update! #not
I love putting Flobeam mechs back together.||
I love putting Flobeam mechs back together.||#not
@NYPDnews y'all are doing a great job at keeping people safe 
@NYPDnews y'all are doing a great job at keeping people safe #sarcasm
@stillfallin_ great Christmas. 
@stillfallin_ great Christmas. #not
Have successfully avoided everything from season 4 - which I've not seen and there's an S5 one, in my timeline.  Thanks Indy! 
Have successfully avoided everything from season 4 - which I've not seen and there's an S5 one, in my timeline.  Thanks Indy! #Not
@mmamania what time is the UFC press conference tomorrow with names of numerous fighters getting cut 
@mmamania what time is the UFC press conference tomorrow with names of numerous fighters getting cut #sarcasm
#instacraze  #addiction :face_with_stuck-out_tongue_and_winking_eye: at http://t.co/12RgzDqOR3
#instacraze #not #addiction  at http://t.co/12RgzDqOR3
@wecameashailee: 10 HOUR CAR RIDE AND I CANT SLEEP IN CARS YAYAAYAYAYAYAY.  have fun bff!
@wecameashailee: 10 HOUR CAR RIDE AND I CANT SLEEP IN CARS YAYAAYAYAYAYAY. #sarcasm have fun bff!
@K_TR69 @tracieeeeee @KDunham4Prez too much of that herb. New trend of potheads contributing to society maybe? Darn that 
@K_TR69 @tracieeeeee @KDunham4Prez too much of that herb. New trend of potheads contributing to society maybe? Darn that #sarcasm
I love finals week! #justkidding  #stressed
I love finals week! #justkidding #sarcasm #stressed
i'm so funny 
i'm so funny #not
Wheres the rodgers in brigade 
Wheres the rodgers in brigade #sarcasm
Hey, @HLTVorg. DenialCSGO decided that they want to replace @denialfugly and I'm their new player. #NAShuffle Nobody is safe. #CSGO 
Hey, @HLTVorg. DenialCSGO decided that they want to replace @denialfugly and I'm their new player. #NAShuffle Nobody is safe. #CSGO #sarcasm
@ClimateGroup Tried to cut and paste a tweet from SA Mining where they got GO Green Consulting ... it's in my timeline. 
@ClimateGroup Tried to cut and paste a tweet from SA Mining where they got GO Green Consulting ... it's in my timeline. #irony
@JoeandEvan @7BOOMERESIASON @cc660 @BoomerandCarton the Jets have pick 6 in the 2015 draft the irony blows my mind!  #NFLDraft
@JoeandEvan @7BOOMERESIASON @cc660 @BoomerandCarton the Jets have pick 6 in the 2015 draft the irony blows my mind! #irony #NFLDraft
@2ANow  you were decrying a hate crime against a Bosnian man & now you're back to your same old game, inciting hate torwards Muslims.
@2ANow #irony you were decrying a hate crime against a Bosnian man & now you're back to your same old game, inciting hate torwards Muslims.
Today I'll lecture on CRM investments & shareholder value ... So excited ....  :smirking_face: I'm sleepy :sleeping_face:
Today I'll lecture on CRM investments & shareholder value ... So excited .... #Not  I'm sleepy 
@iPhoneTeam if you don't want to upgrade your iOS or keep many pictures, yeah it's great 
@iPhoneTeam if you don't want to upgrade your iOS or keep many pictures, yeah it's great #sarcasm
Isn't it great to sleep 5 hours and feel like a million bucks?  #gettingold
Isn't it great to sleep 5 hours and feel like a million bucks? #sarcasm #gettingold
IT'S DEFINITELY NOT FRIDAY. THE REASON IS: It's Tuesday~! Yesterday it was Monday so why should it be Friday. 
IT'S DEFINITELY NOT FRIDAY. THE REASON IS: It's Tuesday~! Yesterday it was Monday so why should it be Friday. #Irony
Perfect time to get really sick  :tired_face::face_with_medical_mask:
Perfect time to get really sick #not 
@ExcuseMySarcasm Oh no, I've tipped Gamergates hand. Now you know our end game! 
@ExcuseMySarcasm Oh no, I've tipped Gamergates hand. Now you know our end game! #sarcasm
Our physics exam was quite fun...  #Prelim
Our physics exam was quite fun... #NOT #Prelim
This is the weather i just love walking to work in  #worst #weatherbomb
This is the weather i just love walking to work in #not #worst #weatherbomb
2 a.m. trips to Walmart for mess are always fun. 
2 a.m. trips to Walmart for mess are always fun. #sarcasm
idk what I love more how cold my western civ class is or western civ. 
idk what I love more how cold my western civ class is or western civ. #SARCASM
Not even 8am and I can already see this is going to be a wonderful day  #needmorecoffee
Not even 8am and I can already see this is going to be a wonderful day #sarcasm #needmorecoffee
$BIDU up 2%. Officially announced Uber stake. $BIDU has market cap of $78.6 billion. Uber should top that in next VC round, right? 
$BIDU up 2%. Officially announced Uber stake. $BIDU has market cap of $78.6 billion. Uber should top that in next VC round, right? #sarcasm
hmmm. I do wonder why Astec has one fewer employee? #lol 
hmmm. I do wonder why Astec has one fewer employee? #lol #sarcasm
The whole world can never get me on my level 
The whole world can never get me on my level #Irony
Finally 2015 will be a worry free year for me. 
Finally 2015 will be a worry free year for me. #not
Bhopal victims don't get justice aft 30yrs but don't find place in prime and a man traveling in business cls is prime time news.. 
Bhopal victims don't get justice aft 30yrs but don't find place in prime and a man traveling in business cls is prime time news.. #irony
Sure Staff... Now Hiring.  http://t.co/HDgfxG7elF
Sure Staff... Now Hiring. #irony http://t.co/HDgfxG7elF
For those who CAN hear us, @cbcjones talks about NB Power's record number of outages. 7:13  #transmitterproblems
For those who CAN hear us, @cbcjones talks about NB Power's record number of outages. 7:13 #irony #transmitterproblems
@heyingridnilsen I miss seeing your face and t-Rex hands everyday on Vlogmas:loudly_crying_face::face_throwing_a_kiss: -Rexemoji:see-no-evil_monkey:
@heyingridnilsen I miss seeing your face and t-Rex hands everyday on Vlogmas #not-Rexemoji
yet another rainy goshen concert night:umbrella_with_rain_drops::violin: #surprised 
yet another rainy goshen concert night #surprised #NOT
@SkySports transfer fund of 250,000 is given to .... Nottingham Forest a team with a transfer embargo.  
@SkySports transfer fund of 250,000 is given to .... Nottingham Forest a team with a transfer embargo.  #irony
That's nice. 
That's nice. #not
I doubt this week could get any better. 
I doubt this week could get any better. #sarcasm
@steigerwaldino Nah, it's better we all act like the North Korean govt and police people's private thoughts. 
@steigerwaldino Nah, it's better we all act like the North Korean govt and police people's private thoughts. #irony
It's just SUPER to be ignored when you put out a desperate plea. 
It's just SUPER to be ignored when you put out a desperate plea. #Sarcasm
I'm so pissed off at Chicago. Like the people at the airport ruined so many peoples chances of ever meeting the boys :expressionless_face::expressionless_face::expressionless_face:. Way to go 
I'm so pissed off at Chicago. Like the people at the airport ruined so many peoples chances of ever meeting the boys . Way to go #not
Why is paper so sharp? Someone should put a ban on paper!  #liberalmentality
Why is paper so sharp? Someone should put a ban on paper! #sarcasm #liberalmentality
#Love is far more important than #money!|The problem is, you only know it once you have money!| #life #humanity
#Love is far more important than #money!|The problem is, you only know it once you have money!|#irony #life #humanity
I feel faint after chasing a whippet and Lily, Libby, Gabby, Millie the cats who were playing chase in the garden #AintItFun !! #notfun
I feel faint after chasing a whippet and Lily, Libby, Gabby, Millie the cats who were playing chase in the garden #AintItFun #Not!! #notfun
Big thanks to my teachers for the FOUR tests I have to take tomorrow #woohoo 
Big thanks to my teachers for the FOUR tests I have to take tomorrow #woohoo #not
 Putin praising Constitutional Court for defending against 'arbitrary action on the part of the government http://t.co/8WDrILv4CP
#IRONY Putin praising Constitutional Court for defending against 'arbitrary action on the part of the government http://t.co/8WDrILv4CP
You know it's going to be a great day when you're Garmin resets itself and you spill some cinnamon down yourself  #slowclap
You know it's going to be a great day when you're Garmin resets itself and you spill some cinnamon down yourself #not #slowclap
Work Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.. Can't wait! 
Work Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.. Can't wait! #not
@bustedcoverage  but Russell is a good christian fella, he wouldn't do that. 
@bustedcoverage  but Russell is a good christian fella, he wouldn't do that. #sarcasm
I'm glad Andy can tweet all day but not text me back.  #loved 
I'm glad Andy can tweet all day but not text me back.  #loved #sarcasm
Please instagram all your xmas presents I'm dying to see them  #nobodycares
Please instagram all your xmas presents I'm dying to see them #not #nobodycares
So far today I burned my tongue on my coffee. Saw a dead guy on the freeway and chipped the windshield in the truck #gonnahaveagoodday 
So far today I burned my tongue on my coffee. Saw a dead guy on the freeway and chipped the windshield in the truck #gonnahaveagoodday #not
@Big6domino @CNN Well that's a completely well reasoned and thought out argument. You've changed my mind!!! #Ferguson 
@Big6domino @CNN Well that's a completely well reasoned and thought out argument. You've changed my mind!!! #Ferguson #sarcasm
@ForexEric @HeidiL_RN @unsavoryagents YES! Vote for SATAN (@HillaryClinton) in 2016!!!! 
@ForexEric @HeidiL_RN @unsavoryagents YES! Vote for SATAN (@HillaryClinton) in 2016!!!! #NOT
Contemplating responding to @charliejnwalker's tweet saying "what remains of their pride" but not sure how well that will go down 
Contemplating responding to @charliejnwalker's tweet saying "what remains of their pride" but not sure how well that will go down #sarcasm
Last day of school it was so much fun but not much people came. what a shocker 
Last day of school it was so much fun but not much people came. what a shocker #sarcasm
@PowerTripKFAN Adrian was raised that way and he made it to the NFL. Maybe he thought that would motivate his kid to get there too? 
@PowerTripKFAN Adrian was raised that way and he made it to the NFL. Maybe he thought that would motivate his kid to get there too? #not
Buffalo sports media is smarter than all of us. Where else can you get the quality insight offered by Harrington and Busgaglia. 
Buffalo sports media is smarter than all of us. Where else can you get the quality insight offered by Harrington and Busgaglia. #sarcasm
Whatever happened to the Guano Apes? Did they ever make it "Big in Japan"? 
Whatever happened to the Guano Apes? Did they ever make it "Big in Japan"? #Irony
Say no more.... #bigclub  http://t.co/ALcQQsASsY
Say no more.... #bigclub #not http://t.co/ALcQQsASsY
i need to start going to bed earlier...smh, goodnight everyone, or should i say goodmorning haha #morning ... http://t.co/cGCD326NWF
i need to start going to bed earlier...smh, goodnight everyone, or should i say goodmorning haha #morning #not... http://t.co/cGCD326NWF
Um, really @RollingStone?  #nothanks #UVA http://t.co/8ARdG99p8L
Um, really @RollingStone? #irony #nothanks #UVA http://t.co/8ARdG99p8L
@kmrheadlines: Electricity generated in Kashmir can illuminate whole India: PM but it's only not illuminating #Kashmir 
@kmrheadlines: Electricity generated in Kashmir can illuminate whole India: PM but it's only not illuminating #Kashmir #Irony
i decided to become my own boss to have more free time.. now i have no time left whatsoever. 
i decided to become my own boss to have more free time.. now i have no time left whatsoever. #irony
http://t.co/xMzzKi6kn6 << This should be Christmas number 1! #accounting  #absolutetosh
http://t.co/xMzzKi6kn6 << This should be Christmas number 1! #accounting #sarcasm #absolutetosh
Look really awake and like I've made an effort today 
Look really awake and like I've made an effort today #not
Taking the bike through rainy and cold dark streets to the dentist. Yaaaay. #Somuchfun 
Taking the bike through rainy and cold dark streets to the dentist. Yaaaay. #Somuchfun #NOT
I picked a great week to start a new show on Netflix.  #HellOnWheels
I picked a great week to start a new show on Netflix. #not #HellOnWheels
@Defothedinosaur get around them 
@Defothedinosaur get around them #not
Good job @pmharper..."@globebusiness: Same-sex marriage harms free speech, new Ontario judge wrote in 2012 http://t.co/Y2vaFlYfbm" 
Good job @pmharper..."@globebusiness: Same-sex marriage harms free speech, new Ontario judge wrote in 2012 http://t.co/Y2vaFlYfbm" #sarcasm
2v4 S&D matches are just so fun... 
2v4 S&D matches are just so fun... #not
Nothing like waking up to 50+ financial formulas! Yay, for corporate finance comprehensive finals!  #finalsweek
Nothing like waking up to 50+ financial formulas! Yay, for corporate finance comprehensive finals! #NOT #finalsweek
wow they seem to be so turnt 
wow they seem to be so turnt #sarcasm
I asked God to protect me from my enemies .. shortly after I started losing friends :flushed_face::hundred_points_symbol:  or #naah
I asked God to protect me from my enemies .. shortly after I started losing friends  #irony or #naah
Such .   You still have to #praisehim ;)
Such #irony.   You still have to #praisehim ;)
Happy 2nd anniversary to me in SGV. Happy OT here in client. Woohoo. I loooooove my job. Super. More years to go!!!!!!!!! 
Happy 2nd anniversary to me in SGV. Happy OT here in client. Woohoo. I loooooove my job. Super. More years to go!!!!!!!!! #NOT
The fandom showing its mature side as always when it's about this kind of topic 
The fandom showing its mature side as always when it's about this kind of topic #Irony
Hiding in plain sight. By #MichaelBeerens (http://t.co/EJaFcMsIrA) #graffiti #streetart  http://t.co/T3kvGtDBO9
Hiding in plain sight. By #MichaelBeerens (http://t.co/EJaFcMsIrA) #graffiti #streetart #irony http://t.co/T3kvGtDBO9
@willbrooker feeding your own flesh and blood/making an alley way smell terrible = same, same.  #90ssarcasm #thesun #thingsthatarewrong
@willbrooker feeding your own flesh and blood/making an alley way smell terrible = same, same. #not #90ssarcasm #thesun #thingsthatarewrong
my favorite thing to do on Tuesday is write psychology papers:neutral_face:  #killme
my favorite thing to do on Tuesday is write psychology papers #sarcasm #killme
@jaymohr37  #PSA Hey Jay, I tuned in when u said "why all the cocaine talk today....after tweeting coke joke saw it's Escobar's 65th 
@jaymohr37  #PSA Hey Jay, I tuned in when u said "why all the cocaine talk today....after tweeting coke joke saw it's Escobar's 65th #irony
No response always seems to attract response. The ! #aintnobodygottimeforthat
No response always seems to attract response. The #irony! #aintnobodygottimeforthat
@JustinTrudeau Won't our national hockey expert at 24 Sussex Drive join you?? 
@JustinTrudeau Won't our national hockey expert at 24 Sussex Drive join you?? #Sarcasm
About to fuck up this Media exam  #actuallyihopeso
About to fuck up this Media exam #not #actuallyihopeso
@WNSource So we can see Reigns do a lame superman punch & a spear? Gee, can't wait! #RAW 
@WNSource So we can see Reigns do a lame superman punch & a spear? Gee, can't wait! #RAW #sarcasm
Oh hello flu! Thank you for fooling me in thinking you were gone! I missed you so much!  #flu #yaay
Oh hello flu! Thank you for fooling me in thinking you were gone! I missed you so much! #sarcasm #flu #yaay
I THOUGHT WHAT WE HAD WAS REAL, HOW COULD YOU BE FINE? COZ I'M NOT FINE AT ALL Oh wait. Fixed the caps lock ^.^  #LaughNow .o.
I THOUGHT WHAT WE HAD WAS REAL, HOW COULD YOU BE FINE? COZ I'M NOT FINE AT ALL Oh wait. Fixed the caps lock ^.^ #Sarcasm #LaughNow .o.
#hannity says "Obama has been indoctrinated into a rigid ideology." 
#hannity says "Obama has been indoctrinated into a rigid ideology." #irony
Heh, and fat, too. #ShotsFired 
Heh, and fat, too. #ShotsFired #Irony
Went neck deep in a swamp today so that was fun  #chilly
Went neck deep in a swamp today so that was fun #not #chilly
Is "I have to go...my gelding is struggling with dystocia" a valid excuse...I just want to see the (lack of) reaction #whenyouseeit 
Is "I have to go...my gelding is struggling with dystocia" a valid excuse...I just want to see the (lack of) reaction #whenyouseeit #sarcasm
Luv this 
Luv this #not
I bet its warmer in Nova Scotia today! #frio #cold #freezing #costadelsol   #IloveCanada
I bet its warmer in Nova Scotia today! #frio #cold #freezing #costadelsol #NOT  #IloveCanada
@drapermark37 @susanbnj We must be tolerant and embrace the peaceful Islamic faith, Muslims are our peaceful brothers 
@drapermark37 @susanbnj We must be tolerant and embrace the peaceful Islamic faith, Muslims are our peaceful brothers #sarcasm
@sportstalksc what's the rush? His leg is still attached right?  #dr.dabo
@sportstalksc what's the rush? His leg is still attached right? #sarcasm #dr.dabo
suddenly w-wada  http://t.co/lwdLPpuDSj
suddenly w-wada #not http://t.co/lwdLPpuDSj
True  http://t.co/38hrutRf0r
True #Not http://t.co/38hrutRf0r
love, love, love how the left side of my face is swollen.  :pouting_face::loudly_crying_face:
love, love, love how the left side of my face is swollen. #not 
Can't wait for my 7:30am #dental appointment tomorrow!|Oh time please speed through today! !
Can't wait for my 7:30am #dental appointment tomorrow!|Oh time please speed through today! #not!
Oh and it's a positively balmy 7c 
Oh and it's a positively balmy 7c #sarcasm
@ViewfromGorgie |My Jambo buddy sees a more Scottish identity emerging for HMFC.|The John Wilson types can travel to Govan.|
@ViewfromGorgie |My Jambo buddy sees a more Scottish identity emerging for HMFC.|The John Wilson types can travel to Govan.|#Irony
people speaking of law to protesters who are fighting for justice themselves...  #ModelTownNotForgotten #PAT #PTI #GoNawazGo
people speaking of law to protesters who are fighting for justice themselves... #irony #ModelTownNotForgotten #PAT #PTI #GoNawazGo
Yeah nice hair babes  :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: http://t.co/8fxZpZW8qu http://t.co/Wi36fjE5EX
Yeah nice hair babes #not  http://t.co/8fxZpZW8qu http://t.co/Wi36fjE5EX
Reading about Barack Obama in the Barack #Obama plaza #moneygall oh the  http://t.co/sQCIETUrpR
Reading about Barack Obama in the Barack #Obama plaza #moneygall oh the #irony http://t.co/sQCIETUrpR
@mcquadejennica I just got my tonsils out #lovinglife  .. Good luck!!
@mcquadejennica I just got my tonsils out #lovinglife #not .. Good luck!!
I love it when adults act like children. || #eyeroll
I love it when adults act like children. ||#sarcasm #eyeroll
Yay! More worthless Windows 8.1 updates. Computer still never sleeps/hibernates on its own. #fixit #fail #Microsoft 
Yay! More worthless Windows 8.1 updates. Computer still never sleeps/hibernates on its own. #fixit #fail #Microsoft #sarcasm
My favorite part of dislocating my shoulder is now being able to feel it roll  around in the socket 
My favorite part of dislocating my shoulder is now being able to feel it roll  around in the socket #not
I'm such a good friend...  http://t.co/c1sNYAVVDp
I'm such a good friend... #sarcasm http://t.co/c1sNYAVVDp
#FergusonRiotTips Remember, the only way ppl listen is if you burn down their stores||#Ferguson #VitoandVito #WAARMedia #tcot #ycot
#FergusonRiotTips Remember, the only way ppl listen is if you burn down their stores|#Sarcasm|#Ferguson #VitoandVito #WAARMedia #tcot #ycot
: When some masseuses offer "soothing" massages the way reviewers offer stinging criticisms. #Masseuse=#Reviewer #Massage=#Criticism
#Irony: When some masseuses offer "soothing" massages the way reviewers offer stinging criticisms. #Masseuse=#Reviewer #Massage=#Criticism
One of my favourite things about going to fanshawe is walking to the Z building 
One of my favourite things about going to fanshawe is walking to the Z building #sarcasm
My solo costume so far is Charcoal Grey Bottoms.... making some real progress. 
My solo costume so far is Charcoal Grey Bottoms.... making some real progress. #not
That moment when #BabyBoomer next to you philosophize about the lacking #communication skills of #GenerationY ->  #NewWayToCommunicate
That moment when #BabyBoomer next to you philosophize about the lacking #communication skills of #GenerationY -> #Irony #NewWayToCommunicate
@MarkXA and we know abt the "goal" that (never) crossed the line  #holierthanthou #henryisalegend
@MarkXA and we know abt the "goal" that (never) crossed the line #irony #holierthanthou #henryisalegend
@salgovernale No clue what you were talking about? Well that's a first! 
@salgovernale No clue what you were talking about? Well that's a first! #not
Can you write your name on a paper and take a picture ...  I can but I'm busy answering this question oh...  http://t.co/hRysVyLpBI
Can you write your name on a paper and take a picture ...  I can but I'm busy answering this question oh... #Irony http://t.co/hRysVyLpBI
I just love 160 question tests in the morning. 
I just love 160 question tests in the morning. #sarcasm
@dohanews they can use white/maroon xmas trees :) 
@dohanews they can use white/maroon xmas trees :) #sarcasm
Finals Week is draining my body so much that it's ruining my life in other places. Lovely... 
Finals Week is draining my body so much that it's ruining my life in other places. Lovely... #NOT
Love working hard trying to fix other people's fuck ups 
Love working hard trying to fix other people's fuck ups #sarcasm
I hate plane rides but I wanna go to so many different countries 
I hate plane rides but I wanna go to so many different countries #irony
@Bad_Cat_ Wow, that is just so funny... 
@Bad_Cat_ Wow, that is just so funny... #not
@sufisal @Muhammad123Ali Putting 123 between Muhammad and Ali? I find your own twitter ID quite blasphemic and offending 
@sufisal @Muhammad123Ali Putting 123 between Muhammad and Ali? I find your own twitter ID quite blasphemic and offending #irony
Yay I love being awake at 5 in the morning :grinning_face::pistol: 
Yay I love being awake at 5 in the morning  #sarcasm
...A teen named Bud Weisser was arrested by cops for breaking into a St. Louis party store...http://t.co/AxejCevQ1e
#Irony...A teen named Bud Weisser was arrested by cops for breaking into a St. Louis party store...http://t.co/AxejCevQ1e
When someone with retrica wali picture complains about how many filters someone has used in their picture to look pretty..
When someone with retrica wali picture complains about how many filters someone has used in their picture to look pretty..#irony
Up all night took 4 hour nap I'm ready for work 
Up all night took 4 hour nap I'm ready for work #Not
Go go Power Rangers! #f2xmasparty  http://t.co/A8xOlFt1ub
Go go Power Rangers! #f2xmasparty #sarcasm http://t.co/A8xOlFt1ub
isnt it the best when youre really tired then when you finally get in bed youre wide awake? I LOVE IT 
isnt it the best when youre really tired then when you finally get in bed youre wide awake? I LOVE IT #not
working a double on 2 hours of sleep here we go let's get it 
working a double on 2 hours of sleep here we go let's get it #not
The whole #Misogyny thing is hanging in there with Women from the right . A cat fight now ?, imagine pulling that on the left #pmlive
The whole #Misogyny thing is hanging in there with Women from the right #Not. A cat fight now ?, imagine pulling that on the left #pmlive
Marvin Lewis clearly thinks very highly of Johnny Football  #norespect @amicsta
Marvin Lewis clearly thinks very highly of Johnny Football #not #norespect @amicsta
Thanks @AirAsia, for nothing. All my family were flying with you from KL to attend my wedding. #everyonecanfly  #AdelaideRouteCancelled
Thanks @AirAsia, for nothing. All my family were flying with you from KL to attend my wedding. #everyonecanfly #not #AdelaideRouteCancelled
I often worry that wealth doesn't  have enough influence in society, so pleased to see this being addressed  http://t.co/2U3PerpZQz
I often worry that wealth doesn't  have enough influence in society, so pleased to see this being addressed #sarcasm http://t.co/2U3PerpZQz
@Crackmacs @OpChemtrails better bust out my aluminum hat!!!!  #chemtrailsdontexist #growup
@Crackmacs @OpChemtrails better bust out my aluminum hat!!!! #sarcasm #chemtrailsdontexist #growup
Oh sprints I love you  http://t.co/sEW8Im7i0u
Oh sprints I love you #not http://t.co/sEW8Im7i0u
The ever so caring @rupertmurdoch gets to see the siege ending first. Great journalism. 
The ever so caring @rupertmurdoch gets to see the siege ending first. Great journalism. #sarcasm
@yenisley Aww, you poor thing, I feel so bad for you being in sunny Florida. I don't know how you can handle it!  ;)
@yenisley Aww, you poor thing, I feel so bad for you being in sunny Florida. I don't know how you can handle it! #sarcasm ;)
But @DarklightDave was trying to find us, and my battery died. Guess how he found us? Yes, that bastard wand! !!!!!
But @DarklightDave was trying to find us, and my battery died. Guess how he found us? Yes, that bastard wand! #irony!!!!!
@melleegee it'll be ok, just get your TA to fix it!! 
@melleegee it'll be ok, just get your TA to fix it!! #sarcasm
So Aaron sorkin goes on @todayshow  to talk about not liking the media talking about Sony hack? Using media to bitch about media? 
So Aaron sorkin goes on @todayshow  to talk about not liking the media talking about Sony hack? Using media to bitch about media? #irony
Double standards are always a fun thing 
Double standards are always a fun thing #not
Loving life. 
Loving life. #sarcasm
We want turkey!! 
We want turkey!! #not
Fully charged my #Anker portable charger...it lasted 1/2 an hour.  Awesome #Fail
Fully charged my #Anker portable charger...it lasted 1/2 an hour. #Not Awesome #Fail
I love cold winter days cause I never know when my car decides not to start :expressionless_face: 
I love cold winter days cause I never know when my car decides not to start  #sarcasm
Write hundred tweets on Kejriwal every day and then go on to declare that he is irrelevant when it comes to Indian politics! 
Write hundred tweets on Kejriwal every day and then go on to declare that he is irrelevant when it comes to Indian politics! #Irony
@MaggieLindemann: . @xSamSecrets123 awk moment when I tweeted first #fakefan !!!!! 
@MaggieLindemann: . @xSamSecrets123 awk moment when I tweeted first #fakefan !!!!! #not
Yay for early morning protestors!  #heavyamountsofsarcasm
Yay for early morning protestors! #sarcasm #heavyamountsofsarcasm
Omg @FloptimusCrime didn't tell @giantfootyguy he was in town :face_screaming_in_fear: #trueFriend 
Omg @FloptimusCrime didn't tell @giantfootyguy he was in town  #trueFriend #not
#politics is not my cup of tea says #sonakshi @sonakshisinha  of #lingaa fame . #sonakshi dad #shatru is our top #bjp leader
#politics is not my cup of tea says #sonakshi @sonakshisinha  of #lingaa fame .#irony #sonakshi dad #shatru is our top #bjp leader
330am benedryl runs for an allergic reaction to a drug which literally saves millions of lives every year. #yippee #happiness 
330am benedryl runs for an allergic reaction to a drug which literally saves millions of lives every year. #yippee #happiness #sarcasm
Oh how I love that my ass is too big to fit into my jeans anymore.  #bigbootybitches
Oh how I love that my ass is too big to fit into my jeans anymore. #sarcasm #bigbootybitches
Nothing like waiting at an airport. #youcanthearit 
Nothing like waiting at an airport. #youcanthearit #sarcasm
3 hours sleep yay loving life 
3 hours sleep yay loving life #not
@JeremyCee @oldmanebro thank God for Kanye giving these unknowns some help. 
@JeremyCee @oldmanebro thank God for Kanye giving these unknowns some help. #irony
#ready for doing #business today :smiling_face_with_open_mouth_and_smiling_eyes:  :see-no-evil_monkey: #tiredashell #coffeecoffeecoffee #morecoffee #... http://t.co/baKHHhFBA4 http://t.co/juZ8pLcNES
#ready for doing #business today  #not  #tiredashell #coffeecoffeecoffee #morecoffee #... http://t.co/baKHHhFBA4 http://t.co/juZ8pLcNES
@maxsnape1 who you calling bottle job I'll take teeth. Yeah I'm game mate, at training tonight too, I'll remember your hat 
@maxsnape1 who you calling bottle job I'll take teeth. Yeah I'm game mate, at training tonight too, I'll remember your hat #not
@LucelinaB82 I be surprised at how many ppl have me blocked :weary_face::weary_face::weary_face:  #ITalkTooMuchShit #YOURSTILLCLOCKINGMETHO #ThatsWhyYourGirlStillFollows
@LucelinaB82 I be surprised at how many ppl have me blocked  #NOT #ITalkTooMuchShit #YOURSTILLCLOCKINGMETHO #ThatsWhyYourGirlStillFollows
Hey there! Nice to see you Minnesota/ND Winter Weather 
Hey there! Nice to see you Minnesota/ND Winter Weather #Not
Gym and I are gonna have a reeeaaalll nice date tomorrow.  #imgoingtostruggle #VSFS2014
Gym and I are gonna have a reeeaaalll nice date tomorrow. #not #imgoingtostruggle #VSFS2014
I always look super cute when guys come to fix stuff in the condo 
I always look super cute when guys come to fix stuff in the condo #sarcasm
I love watching liverpool truly inspiring 
I love watching liverpool truly inspiring #not
Damit, this fatima bhutto has an instagram account but not pics of her. Some random shit...and then ppl i follow keep posting pics. 
Damit, this fatima bhutto has an instagram account but not pics of her. Some random shit...and then ppl i follow keep posting pics. #irony
@Chxta They were probably, contracted to work for free. 
@Chxta They were probably, contracted to work for free. #sarcasm
Just submitted my final paper of the semester. It's only a make-it or break-it on whether I pass the class. No big deal. :expressionless_face::thumbs_down_sign: 
Just submitted my final paper of the semester. It's only a make-it or break-it on whether I pass the class. No big deal.  #sarcasm
@raeraeduke  your application is already filled up waiting for you to turn 21
@raeraeduke #sarcasm your application is already filled up waiting for you to turn 21
World's greatest wars can be won with mind. Invincible is the one going on within mind. #lifequotes  #copycatsays
World's greatest wars can be won with mind. Invincible is the one going on within mind. #lifequotes #irony #copycatsays
Just flossed and then ate right after #inconvenient 
Just flossed and then ate right after #inconvenient #irony
Thank you OCC for being concerned enough about my safety driving to school to cancel classes.... 
Thank you OCC for being concerned enough about my safety driving to school to cancel classes.... #not
Love how I can never fall asleep  #insomnia
Love how I can never fall asleep #not #insomnia
As if i need more water in my pasture. 
As if i need more water in my pasture. #not
I like creepy guys that ask me random questions at swic 
I like creepy guys that ask me random questions at swic #not
@SouthamptonFC @LFC @SkySports Again fans come second. Thanks again 
@SouthamptonFC @LFC @SkySports Again fans come second. Thanks again #not
So glad y'all can be awesome now.. 
So glad y'all can be awesome now.. #not
Shakespeare is great  :face_with_no_good_gesture::pistol:
Shakespeare is great #not 
The UofL student ticket policy is such a well thought out plan, good job SGA.  #ihateyou
The UofL student ticket policy is such a well thought out plan, good job SGA. #sarcasm #ihateyou
Sexist article in the Daily Fail about men wasting money on cycling - accompanied by recommendation for a handbag costing 999. 
Sexist article in the Daily Fail about men wasting money on cycling - accompanied by recommendation for a handbag costing 999. #irony
@shaunrmcgregor yup it must be good to be ivy league Educated because it does alot of good 
@shaunrmcgregor yup it must be good to be ivy league Educated because it does alot of good #Sarcasm
Today I don't feel like doing anything|
Today I don't feel like doing anything|#NOT
@RadhikaMukherji y r women considered inferior2men by society even wen in most of d families 2day men need women4decision making!  :D
@RadhikaMukherji y r women considered inferior2men by society even wen in most of d families 2day men need women4decision making! #irony :D
Glad I'm up at 1am 
Glad I'm up at 1am #not
, on the Same day, the 50th anniversary of the #FreeSpeechMovement, a brave critic, was abandoned by our conformist #Press.
#Irony, on the Same day, the 50th anniversary of the #FreeSpeechMovement, a brave critic, was abandoned by our conformist #Press.
Gotta love working the day after Christmas  #smellya
Gotta love working the day after Christmas #not #smellya
Absolutely love waking up to snow 
Absolutely love waking up to snow #not
LOL.. Micromax is promising that service?  http://t.co/AxG11utGOD
LOL.. Micromax is promising that service? #Irony http://t.co/AxG11utGOD
I love waking up at 3am feeling like my insides are being chopped into tiny pieces and set on fire.  #killmenow :loudly_crying_face::hocho::fire:
I love waking up at 3am feeling like my insides are being chopped into tiny pieces and set on fire. #not #killmenow 
Last semester I dropped a class because I had to write a 7pg paper. This semester I've had to write 5 of them 
Last semester I dropped a class because I had to write a 7pg paper. This semester I've had to write 5 of them #irony
oh lord!  RT @popularmsem: RT @ShockingFactsz: Before becoming an actor, Tom Cruise wanted to be a Catholic priest.
oh lord! #irony RT @popularmsem: RT @ShockingFactsz: Before becoming an actor, Tom Cruise wanted to be a Catholic priest.
@karan139 so funny lolololol 
@karan139 so funny lolololol #not
@MorganKIRO7 Those "waves" are epic!  He he
@MorganKIRO7 Those "waves" are epic! #not He he
@patevans @grbj Too Sad... LOCAL NOW!
@patevans @grbj Too Sad...#NOT LOCAL NOW!
About to write my math final really excited  #somethingrandom http://t.co/by8fVYYyZR
About to write my math final really excited #not #somethingrandom http://t.co/by8fVYYyZR
LUV when my hair is frozen :smiling_face_with_open_mouth: 
LUV when my hair is frozen  #not
Ostentatious "a showy display designed to impress". Thats the word I immediately think of when I see a woman feeding her child!  #Idiot
Ostentatious "a showy display designed to impress". Thats the word I immediately think of when I see a woman feeding her child! #Not #Idiot
@MatthewWRossi getting power from wind is so outdated and unsightly, we should be siphoning it directly from the sun by now. 
@MatthewWRossi getting power from wind is so outdated and unsightly, we should be siphoning it directly from the sun by now. #sarcasm
Heading to my nanas place its going to be so fun 
Heading to my nanas place its going to be so fun #sarcasm
Can always #countonmother to impart #wordsofkindness. Especially on a special day! !!
Can always #countonmother to impart #wordsofkindness. Especially on a special day! #not!!
Here's an "It's cold and I had to scrape windows so I'm sad" selfie...gotta love living that hotel life  http://t.co/ibBzS3ELQC
Here's an "It's cold and I had to scrape windows so I'm sad" selfie...gotta love living that hotel life #sarcasm http://t.co/ibBzS3ELQC
hahahaha... 'Best Asian Style' went to the group of pretty boys ALL wearing blacks suits with a tie/bow. HOW STYLISH.  #2014MAMA
hahahaha... 'Best Asian Style' went to the group of pretty boys ALL wearing blacks suits with a tie/bow. HOW STYLISH. #sarcasm #2014MAMA
Successful morning doing my essay...  #ChristmasShopping
Successful morning doing my essay... #not #ChristmasShopping
: When some naturopaths sell "aromatic" herbs the way apothecaries sell noxious poisons. #Naturopath=#Apothecary #Herb=#Poison
#Irony: When some naturopaths sell "aromatic" herbs the way apothecaries sell noxious poisons. #Naturopath=#Apothecary #Herb=#Poison
Dragging her feet, smacking her lips,and scowling at the empty street while screaming into the phone!...such grace.!:white_frowning_face:
Dragging her feet, smacking her lips,and scowling at the empty street while screaming into the phone!...such grace.#not!
@letote good thing we had enough #whitewine and #christmastrees to survive if needed. #chardsohard #fashion  ;)
@letote good thing we had enough #whitewine and #christmastrees to survive if needed. #chardsohard #fashion #sarcasm ;)
A wonderful day of starting work at 6am 
A wonderful day of starting work at 6am #Sarcasm
The word "#Trust" coming out of the mouths of #Holder or #Obama is just rich with  and #hypocrisy. #IRS #racebaiters
The word "#Trust" coming out of the mouths of #Holder or #Obama is just rich with #irony and #hypocrisy. #IRS #racebaiters
@C_DLord @C_CWilson1 Lovely on Carnoustie beach this morning...| #soggybreeks
@C_DLord @C_CWilson1 Lovely on Carnoustie beach this morning...|#not #soggybreeks
Cc: @JohnCropp My last tweet. Wayne's World is a great movie. 
Cc: @JohnCropp My last tweet. Wayne's World is a great movie. #NOT
Love it when you can see people have read you facebook private message but they just don't reply 
Love it when you can see people have read you facebook private message but they just don't reply #sarcasm
Today is awesome 
Today is awesome #not
It will be impossible for me to be late if I start to dress up right now. #studing #university #lazy 
It will be impossible for me to be late if I start to dress up right now. #studing #university #lazy #sarcasm
@LifeCheating doesn't lucky and fortunate mean the same thing?  
@LifeCheating doesn't lucky and fortunate mean the same thing?  #irony
I have an idea, how about 911 operators don't ever describe race?||And police have to wear color blind glasses?||
I have an idea, how about 911 operators don't ever describe race?||And police have to wear color blind glasses?||#sarcasm
@CNN too bad CNN can't conceive their own story. #truth #news ?   #hypocrite #expose  #fake #exposed2014 #boycott #sponsors
@CNN too bad CNN can't conceive their own story. #truth #news ? #irony #ironic #hypocrite #expose  #fake #exposed2014 #boycott #sponsors
I can't breathe! was chosen as the most notable quote of the year in an annual list released by a Yale University librarian 
I can't breathe! was chosen as the most notable quote of the year in an annual list released by a Yale University librarian #irony
So nice to have a final before the sun is even up :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
So nice to have a final before the sun is even up  #Sarcasm
i just loveee bein short and having my sweatpants go all the way under my feet its so fun... :pile_of_poo:
i just loveee bein short and having my sweatpants go all the way under my feet its so fun...#not 
I'm over these white hoes 
I'm over these white hoes #not
OMG YES. 7:30 FINALS ON A FRIDAY ARE MY FAVORITE. :smiling_face_with_heart-shaped_eyes::heavy_black_heart::information_desk_person: 
OMG YES. 7:30 FINALS ON A FRIDAY ARE MY FAVORITE.  #not
@MLS @ussoccer Awesome destination site. High population of 136k, super easy to get to, lots of great sites. Will do well there! .
@MLS @ussoccer Awesome destination site. High population of 136k, super easy to get to, lots of great sites. Will do well there! #sarcasm.
About once a yr I get a little nutty and reach for the orange marmalade. #livingontheedge  http://t.co/sF9o6OWE1v
About once a yr I get a little nutty and reach for the orange marmalade. #livingontheedge #sarcasm http://t.co/sF9o6OWE1v
Yesterday #PeshawarAttack was a top tag and today the only thing twitter nation seems to be concerned about is #PTIKeptPakFirst 
Yesterday #PeshawarAttack was a top tag and today the only thing twitter nation seems to be concerned about is #PTIKeptPakFirst #irony
@jimmyk52501 @MotherJones @NickBaumann I love when the wilfully ignorant embraces hate and still think they hold a moral high ground |
@jimmyk52501 @MotherJones @NickBaumann I love when the wilfully ignorant embraces hate and still think they hold a moral high ground |#irony
@mahobili @DrAwab What does PTI do apart from whining?  #Youthiacrasy
@mahobili @DrAwab What does PTI do apart from whining? #Irony #Youthiacrasy
It's such a joy to wake up sick again and not be able to use the one arm I do everything with. 
It's such a joy to wake up sick again and not be able to use the one arm I do everything with. #not
Watching my grandparents and my parents pay all these bills, really excites me for the future. -___- 
Watching my grandparents and my parents pay all these bills, really excites me for the future. -___- #Sarcasm
Good thing I'm scared of clowns and my kindergarten teacher was dressed as one today. :expressionless_face: 
Good thing I'm scared of clowns and my kindergarten teacher was dressed as one today.  #not
@STLguy1 Oh that sounds like a great plan.  @6Strong8 @KingDSeals
@STLguy1 Oh that sounds like a great plan. #sarcasm @6Strong8 @KingDSeals
Soooo deep  #narrowminds #stopwatchingthenews #andstoppreachingoffyoutube http://t.co/kEcp9We6yA
Soooo deep #sarcasm #narrowminds #stopwatchingthenews #andstoppreachingoffyoutube http://t.co/kEcp9We6yA
@msmalcriada @ershannon Time to listen to ppl complain bout their lot in life bec they cudnt make themselves anything??? Yay!!!! 
@msmalcriada @ershannon Time to listen to ppl complain bout their lot in life bec they cudnt make themselves anything??? Yay!!!! #Sarcasm
@mrdahl87 We are rumored to have talked to Erv's agent... and the Angels asked about Ed Escobar... that's hardly nothing    ;)
@mrdahl87 We are rumored to have talked to Erv's agent... and the Angels asked about Ed Escobar... that's hardly nothing #Sarcasm   ;)
You really know how to treat a girl 
You really know how to treat a girl #not
HaHaHaHa!! #hypocrisy  "MT @Independent: Katie Hopkins calls Russell Brand a bully..........: http://t.co/DZ05xHiuwl"
HaHaHaHa!! #hypocrisy #Irony "MT @Independent: Katie Hopkins calls Russell Brand a bully..........: http://t.co/DZ05xHiuwl"
@TheOtherRosie  I'm really big supporter of #lawenforcement. Like Sheriff Clarke said, it's all theatrics. #Ferguson @foxandfriends
@TheOtherRosie #Sarcasm I'm really big supporter of #lawenforcement. Like Sheriff Clarke said, it's all theatrics. #Ferguson @foxandfriends
Patrick Kielty hosting Radio 2's Comedy Awards... 
Patrick Kielty hosting Radio 2's Comedy Awards... #Irony
crushes are great until you realize they'll never be interested in you.| :p
crushes are great until you realize they'll never be interested in you.|#sarcasm :p
She did two marijuanas and look what happened. Don't #LegalizeIt. #Merica () http://t.co/oHxBNeKEqT
She did two marijuanas and look what happened. Don't #LegalizeIt. #Merica (#Sarcasm) http://t.co/oHxBNeKEqT
Love it when your typing at work and a spider comes out from the keyboard and hangs out between your fingers...  :see-no-evil_monkey:
Love it when your typing at work and a spider comes out from the keyboard and hangs out between your fingers... #not 
My secret name is lizard squad. I like to ruin people's fun time. Follow and rt to a billion and you'll have fun. #psn  #giveitup
My secret name is lizard squad. I like to ruin people's fun time. Follow and rt to a billion and you'll have fun. #psn #sarcasm #giveitup
No reply day! I mean, week!|#Happiness 
No reply day! I mean, week!|#Happiness #sarcasm
he was half of what she deserved, yet he was all that she ever wanted ,,,, 
he was half of what she deserved, yet he was all that she ever wanted ,,,, #irony
That's always a great way to boost self-esteem 
That's always a great way to boost self-esteem #sarcasm
@Sidra__PTI you may also see flags of ISIS with him  is this govt and ch nisar don't admit :'(
@Sidra__PTI you may also see flags of ISIS with him #Irony is this govt and ch nisar don't admit :'(
I love waking up at 8 am on a Saturday morning after going to bed at midnight 
I love waking up at 8 am on a Saturday morning after going to bed at midnight #not
hula hoops, hot chocolate and law revision. my breaks in work are filled with glamour and fun. 
hula hoops, hot chocolate and law revision. my breaks in work are filled with glamour and fun. #not
Gawd! I love 9am lectures and 4-6pm lectures. 
Gawd! I love 9am lectures and 4-6pm lectures. #NOT
Prevents blood clots! More like stops blood circulation #SurgicalStockings #attractive  http://t.co/XZuXjZ9qsN
Prevents blood clots! More like stops blood circulation #SurgicalStockings #attractive #not http://t.co/XZuXjZ9qsN
I couldnt help myself.. I am a bad person...  http://t.co/bmdJcrFmgI
I couldnt help myself.. I am a bad person... #sarcasm http://t.co/bmdJcrFmgI
My dove wrapper told me to be mischievous, so if anything happens, that's my extenuating, external attribution to blame  #psych
My dove wrapper told me to be mischievous, so if anything happens, that's my extenuating, external attribution to blame #sarcasm #psych
Yet another out of a million doctor visits tomorrow...so.stoked. 
Yet another out of a million doctor visits tomorrow...so.stoked. #not
Just realized that the name of the comic sans' creator means asshole in French #nooffense 
Just realized that the name of the comic sans' creator means asshole in French #nooffense #irony
Not a fun day for my mouth... Two teeth rebonded, one reengaged, and now I get to have my wisdom teeth out #soexcited 
Not a fun day for my mouth... Two teeth rebonded, one reengaged, and now I get to have my wisdom teeth out #soexcited #not
That's me, the infamous pepper shaker replacer. 
That's me, the infamous pepper shaker replacer. #sarcasm
Halfway thorough my workday ... Woooo 
Halfway thorough my workday ... Woooo #Sarcasm
Let's all do only squats and deadlifts until we hurt ourselves --really really good trainers #fitnessmotivation 
Let's all do only squats and deadlifts until we hurt ourselves --really really good trainers #fitnessmotivation #sarcasm
just dropped my new single||it's me||i'm single 
just dropped my new single||it's me||i'm single #sarcasm
Can't wait to see that he has not talked to me and that he will never do it. 
Can't wait to see that he has not talked to me and that he will never do it. #irony
Sad I don't have a Christmas jumper, thanks @Missguided for your super fast delivery :thumbs_up_sign: 
Sad I don't have a Christmas jumper, thanks @Missguided for your super fast delivery  #NOT
I like listening to dads truck drivers tell me about them going to the strip joint and their old lady getting mad at them over it  :face_with_tears_of_joy:
I like listening to dads truck drivers tell me about them going to the strip joint and their old lady getting mad at them over it #sarcasm 
so @AskPlayStation still waiting, my son is very happy enjoing his christmas gift ... i cant understand how u didn't prevent this ...
so @AskPlayStation still waiting, my son is very happy enjoing his christmas gift #NOT... i cant understand how u didn't prevent this ...
 dead? Why is this stupidest of memes still perpetuated?
#Irony dead? Why is this stupidest of memes still perpetuated?
People at my school only talk about sex and drugs. So awesome 
People at my school only talk about sex and drugs. So awesome #not
wow what great banter from @WillHart2014 
wow what great banter from @WillHart2014 #sarcasm
Me: my stomach is upset.| My stomach: I AM MORE THAN UPSET! 
Me: my stomach is upset.| My stomach: I AM MORE THAN UPSET! #sarcasm
I love when people leave their smelly shoes in my car. It makes my car smell great! 
I love when people leave their smelly shoes in my car. It makes my car smell great! #sarcasm
@Suuism why? university always helping 
@Suuism why? university always helping #sarcasm
Climate change redux: CALIFORNIANS experience drought & voted for bonds to cover.Climate changed &now we have most rain in 100 years. 
Climate change redux: CALIFORNIANS experience drought & voted for bonds to cover.Climate changed &now we have most rain in 100 years. #irony
Lol at the #EatenAlive show. if that's the name of the show gotta do it not quit cause the snake was hurting his arm. #goodtv  #garbage
Lol at the #EatenAlive show. if that's the name of the show gotta do it not quit cause the snake was hurting his arm. #goodtv #not #garbage
Haha who the fuck says that to someone#TrueGentlemen 
Haha who the fuck says that to someone#TrueGentlemen #NOT
@KimBhasin @HuffingtonPost So is he banded from wearing the clothes?  #Karma
@KimBhasin @HuffingtonPost So is he banded from wearing the clothes? #irony #Karma
love is bliss... 
love is bliss... #not
@AmbControl999 @HouseofCommons @Ed_Miliband @nick_clegg @David_Cameron  nice to see the ambulance service is so important to OUR mps 
@AmbControl999 @HouseofCommons @Ed_Miliband @nick_clegg @David_Cameron  nice to see the ambulance service is so important to OUR mps #not





























She is an excellent sister.
She is an excellent sister 
I admire that young lady.
I admire that young lady 
She is an inspiring daughter.
She is an inspiring daughter 
I adored that daughter.
I adored that daughter 
She is an astonishing lady.
She is an astonishing lady 
You respect this sister.
You respect this sister 
We love this daughter.
We love this daughter 
I fancy that young lady.
I fancy that young lady 
She was an excellent mum.
She was an excellent mum 
We trust this young lady.
We trust this young lady 
She is an exceptional mum.
She is an exceptional mum 
She was an intelligent mum.
She was an intelligent mum 
She is a caring woman.
She is a caring woman 
She was an astonishing woman.
She was an astonishing woman 
I adored this woman.
I adored this woman 
I love that mum.
I love that mum 
We enjoyed that grandmother.
We enjoyed that grandmother 
We adored this partner.
We adored this partner 
She was a committed sister.
She was a committed sister 
She was an adorable wife.
She was an adorable wife 
She was an exceptional girl.
She was an exceptional girl 
You loved that woman.
You loved that woman 
She is a lovely lady.
She is a lovely lady 
She was an inspiring sister.
She was an inspiring sister 
We appreciate that lady.
We appreciate that lady 
She was an amazing daughter.
She was an amazing daughter 
We liked that mum.
We liked that mum 
She is a great girl.
She is a great girl 
You admire that grandmother.
You admire that grandmother 
She was an impressive lady.
She was an impressive lady 
She was an exceptional woman.
She was an exceptional woman 
She was a fun woman.
She was a fun woman 
She was an intelligent girl.
She was an intelligent girl 
We respected this girl.
We respected this girl 
She is a honest partner.
She is a honest partner 
She was a good partner.
She was a good partner 
You appreciated this sister.
You appreciated this sister 
We trust that girl.
We trust that girl 
We like this girlfriend.
We like this girlfriend 
You appreciated that mum.
You appreciated that mum 
She was a trustworthy young lady.
She was a trustworthy young lady 
You care for that grandmother.
You care for that grandmother 
I loved this mum.
I loved this mum 
She is a fun young lady.
She is a fun young lady 
We admired that young lady.
We admired that young lady 
I adore that wife.
I adore that wife 
You treasured that girl.
You treasured that girl 
She was an awesome grandmother.
She was an awesome grandmother 
We enjoy that mum.
We enjoy that mum 
We cared for this young lady.
We cared for this young lady 
You respected that young lady.
You respected that young lady 
I support that sister.
I support that sister 
I respected this partner.
I respected this partner 
We admired that wife.
We admired that wife 
She was a honest girlfriend.
She was a honest girlfriend 
She was an incredible lady.
She was an incredible lady 
She is an inspiring girlfriend.
She is an inspiring girlfriend 
She was an inspiring lady.
She was an inspiring lady 
We treasured this girl.
We treasured this girl 
She is a nice lady.
She is a nice lady 
You loved this sister.
You loved this sister 
You trusted that daughter.
You trusted that daughter 
She is an excellent girlfriend.
She is an excellent girlfriend 
I adored that lady.
I adored that lady 
She is a nice daughter.
She is a nice daughter 
She was an exceptional woman.
She was an exceptional woman 
She was an awesome sister.
She was an awesome sister 
She was a wise partner.
She was a wise partner 
I admired this girlfriend.
I admired this girlfriend 
I respected that girl.
I respected that girl 
She was a nice lady.
She was a nice lady 
We enjoyed that girlfriend.
We enjoyed that girlfriend 
She is a nice wife.
She is a nice wife 
I liked this woman.
I liked this woman 
You treasure that wife.
You treasure that wife 
She was a beautiful lady.
She was a beautiful lady 
You loved this daughter.
You loved this daughter 
She was a wise wife.
She was a wise wife 
She is a caring daughter.
She is a caring daughter 
She is an adorable sister.
She is an adorable sister 
We like that young lady.
We like that young lady 
She was an adorable partner.
She was an adorable partner 
She is a caring lady.
She is a caring lady 
We supported that girlfriend.
We supported that girlfriend 
She was an impressive girl.
She was an impressive girl 
I supported this wife.
I supported this wife 
You adore this girlfriend.
You adore this girlfriend 
We trust this grandmother.
We trust this grandmother 
She was an amazing girl.
She was an amazing girl 
We enjoyed this girl.
We enjoyed this girl 
I enjoyed that girlfriend.
I enjoyed that girlfriend 
You admire that girlfriend.
You admire that girlfriend 
She was a successful grandmother.
She was a successful grandmother 
We treasure that girlfriend.
We treasure that girlfriend 
She was an attractive wife.
She was an attractive wife 
We like that mum.
We like that mum 
She was a successful woman.
She was a successful woman 
She was a nice wife.
She was a nice wife 
I enjoyed that mum.
I enjoyed that mum 
We support this sister.
We support this sister 
She was a nice sister.
She was a nice sister 
We respect that grandmother.
We respect that grandmother 
We adore this partner.
We adore this partner 
You adored this grandmother.
You adored this grandmother 
I adore that partner.
I adore that partner 
She is a good grandmother.
She is a good grandmother 
She is a happy wife.
She is a happy wife 
You care for that woman.
You care for that woman 
She is a wonderful sister.
She is a wonderful sister 
She was a good lady.
She was a good lady 
She is a honest wife.
She is a honest wife 
She was a sweet girl.
She was a sweet girl 
She is a nice daughter.
She is a nice daughter 
She is an incredible wife.
She is an incredible wife 
She was an astonishing woman.
She was an astonishing woman 
I cared for that young lady.
I cared for that young lady 
She was a committed daughter.
She was a committed daughter 
I enjoyed this wife.
I enjoyed this wife 
We cared for that grandmother.
We cared for that grandmother 
She is an inspiring young lady.
She is an inspiring young lady 
She is a wise wife.
She is a wise wife 
We treasure this lady.
We treasure this lady 
We like that girl.
We like that girl 
I appreciated that girlfriend.
I appreciated that girlfriend 
I appreciated that partner.
I appreciated that partner 
I treasure this grandmother.
I treasure this grandmother 
She is an enthusiastic sister.
She is an enthusiastic sister 
We loved this woman.
We loved this woman 
I enjoyed this girl.
I enjoyed this girl 
She is an awesome wife.
She is an awesome wife 
She was an astonishing lady.
She was an astonishing lady 
We support this mum.
We support this mum 
She is a caring grandmother.
She is a caring grandmother 
You treasured that mum.
You treasured that mum 
You respect that girl.
You respect that girl 
We trusted that sister.
We trusted that sister 
She is a trustworthy girl.
She is a trustworthy girl 
She was an impressive lady.
She was an impressive lady 
She was an excellent lady.
She was an excellent lady 
You appreciated this girl.
You appreciated this girl 
She is a successful wife.
She is a successful wife 
I appreciated that mum.
I appreciated that mum 
I love that partner.
I love that partner 
She was a brilliant grandmother.
She was a brilliant grandmother 
I admired this wife.
I admired this wife 
You treasure this wife.
You treasure this wife 
I admired this wife.
I admired this wife 
You trusted that mum.
You trusted that mum 
I trust this mum.
I trust this mum 
She was a happy young lady.
She was a happy young lady 
She is a honest partner.
She is a honest partner 
You respect that girl.
You respect that girl 
She is a happy young lady.
She is a happy young lady 
We adore this partner.
We adore this partner 
She was an extraordinary young lady.
She was an extraordinary young lady 
She is a fun daughter.
She is a fun daughter 
We loved this grandmother.
We loved this grandmother 
I respected that grandmother.
I respected that grandmother 
We admire that partner.
We admire that partner 
She was an adorable woman.
She was an adorable woman 
I respected that woman.
I respected that woman 
We supported that partner.
We supported that partner 
She was a happy daughter.
She was a happy daughter 
She is a committed mum.
She is a committed mum 
You adored that girlfriend.
You adored that girlfriend 
She was a lovely girl.
She was a lovely girl 
You adored this grandmother.
You adored this grandmother 
She was a brilliant young lady.
She was a brilliant young lady 
She was an incredible young lady.
She was an incredible young lady 
I enjoyed this lady.
I enjoyed this lady 
We respect that grandmother.
We respect that grandmother 
She is a wise young lady.
She is a wise young lady 
We fancy this sister.
We fancy this sister 
She was an intelligent young lady.
She was an intelligent young lady 
We enjoy that wife.
We enjoy that wife 
You love this partner.
You love this partner 
She is a good young lady.
She is a good young lady 
I care for this wife.
I care for this wife 
She is an adorable mum.
She is an adorable mum 
I adore that partner.
I adore that partner 
She is a fun young lady.
She is a fun young lady 
We fancy this partner.
We fancy this partner 
I enjoyed this mum.
I enjoyed this mum 
She was a fantastic sister.
She was a fantastic sister 
I enjoyed that woman.
I enjoyed that woman 
You adore this young lady.
You adore this young lady 
She was a committed young lady.
She was a committed young lady 
We trust that partner.
We trust that partner 
She is an attractive young lady.
She is an attractive young lady 
She is a committed woman.
She is a committed woman 
She was a honest young lady.
She was a honest young lady 
We admire this daughter.
We admire this daughter 
We support this sister.
We support this sister 
I adored this grandmother.
I adored this grandmother 
You adored that woman.
You adored that woman 
You admire that sister.
You admire that sister 
She is an impressive partner.
She is an impressive partner 
I support this girl.
I support this girl 
She was a wonderful lady.
She was a wonderful lady 
We admire this mum.
We admire this mum 
She is a wonderful daughter.
She is a wonderful daughter 
She is an incredible partner.
She is an incredible partner 
She was an impressive lady.
She was an impressive lady 
We treasure that lady.
We treasure that lady 
You respected this girlfriend.
You respected this girlfriend 
I adored that grandmother.
I adored that grandmother 
You appreciate that girl.
You appreciate that girl 
She was a fun lady.
She was a fun lady 
She was an extraordinary girlfriend.
She was an extraordinary girlfriend 
I liked that girlfriend.
I liked that girlfriend 
You admire that lady.
You admire that lady 
She was an impressive daughter.
She was an impressive daughter 
She was an intelligent girlfriend.
She was an intelligent girlfriend 
She was a fun sister.
She was a fun sister 
She is a good daughter.
She is a good daughter 
She is an awesome girlfriend.
She is an awesome girlfriend 
She was a committed grandmother.
She was a committed grandmother 
You enjoyed this daughter.
You enjoyed this daughter 
She was a beautiful lady.
She was a beautiful lady 
She is a caring woman.
She is a caring woman 
We treasured this partner.
We treasured this partner 
She is an impressive girlfriend.
She is an impressive girlfriend 
I support that lady.
I support that lady 
You respect that lady.
You respect that lady 
She is an intelligent mum.
She is an intelligent mum 
She is an exceptional sister.
She is an exceptional sister 
We treasure that partner.
We treasure that partner 
We enjoy this woman.
We enjoy this woman 
I treasured that wife.
I treasured that wife 
You appreciated that girlfriend.
You appreciated that girlfriend 
She is an attractive daughter.
She is an attractive daughter 
I loved that wife.
I loved that wife 
We trust this wife.
We trust this wife 
She was a happy wife.
She was a happy wife 
She is an awesome mum.
She is an awesome mum 
She is a trustworthy young lady.
She is a trustworthy young lady 
She is an awesome sister.
She is an awesome sister 
We enjoyed this daughter.
We enjoyed this daughter 
I enjoy that partner.
I enjoy that partner 
I respected that girlfriend.
I respected that girlfriend 
She is a lovely daughter.
She is a lovely daughter 
She was an amazing partner.
She was an amazing partner 
She was a brilliant girlfriend.
She was a brilliant girlfriend 
I treasured that wife.
I treasured that wife 
She was a committed daughter.
She was a committed daughter 
She is an astonishing lady.
She is an astonishing lady 
We supported that sister.
We supported that sister 
She is a beautiful wife.
She is a beautiful wife 
We enjoyed that woman.
We enjoyed that woman 
She is an incredible lady.
She is an incredible lady 
We care for this partner.
We care for this partner 
We respected this young lady.
We respected this young lady 
I treasured that wife.
I treasured that wife 
She was a successful girl.
She was a successful girl 
She was an incredible grandmother.
She was an incredible grandmother 
We support this girl.
We support this girl 
We treasure this lady.
We treasure this lady 
I care for that mum.
I care for that mum 
You cared for this mum.
You cared for this mum 
She was a caring partner.
She was a caring partner 
She was a happy mum.
She was a happy mum 
I fancy that girl.
I fancy that girl 
She is an enthusiastic young lady.
She is an enthusiastic young lady 
I enjoyed that young lady.
I enjoyed that young lady 
We trust this grandmother.
We trust this grandmother 
We admire that girl.
We admire that girl 
We fancy that girlfriend.
We fancy that girlfriend 
She is a wonderful daughter.
She is a wonderful daughter 
She is a happy lady.
She is a happy lady 
She was a wonderful mum.
She was a wonderful mum 
She was an astonishing sister.
She was an astonishing sister 
You trust that sister.
You trust that sister 
I support this lady.
I support this lady 
I admire this sister.
I admire this sister 
She is an impressive lady.
She is an impressive lady 
You adore that girlfriend.
You adore that girlfriend 
She was a happy woman.
She was a happy woman 
She was a caring grandmother.
She was a caring grandmother 
She is a fun girlfriend.
She is a fun girlfriend 
She was an astonishing lady.
She was an astonishing lady 
We treasure this girl.
We treasure this girl 
She is a fantastic young lady.
She is a fantastic young lady 
She is a good wife.
She is a good wife 
She was a honest woman.
She was a honest woman 
She was a wise grandmother.
She was a wise grandmother 
She is an exceptional grandmother.
She is an exceptional grandmother 
You adored that girlfriend.
You adored that girlfriend 
We love that wife.
We love that wife 
She was a sweet young lady.
She was a sweet young lady 
She is a fantastic sister.
She is a fantastic sister 
You fancy this girl.
You fancy this girl 
I liked that woman.
I liked that woman 
I love that sister.
I love that sister 
She is an awesome partner.
She is an awesome partner 
She is an astonishing wife.
She is an astonishing wife 
She was a honest lady.
She was a honest lady 
She is an adorable woman.
She is an adorable woman 
We loved this girlfriend.
We loved this girlfriend 
She is an amazing girlfriend.
She is an amazing girlfriend 
You appreciate this girl.
You appreciate this girl 
I care for this daughter.
I care for this daughter 
You adore this sister.
You adore this sister 
We admire that wife.
We admire that wife 
I trusted that lady.
I trusted that lady 
She is a cool young lady.
She is a cool young lady 
We enjoyed this girlfriend.
We enjoyed this girlfriend 
She is an inspiring lady.
She is an inspiring lady 
I enjoyed that wife.
I enjoyed that wife 
She was a great grandmother.
She was a great grandmother 
She was a wonderful partner.
She was a wonderful partner 
We appreciate this partner.
We appreciate this partner 
She was an intelligent woman.
She was an intelligent woman 
We trusted this daughter.
We trusted this daughter 
She is a nice young lady.
She is a nice young lady 
She is an enthusiastic mum.
She is an enthusiastic mum 
You supported this girl.
You supported this girl 
She was a fun woman.
She was a fun woman 
She was an attractive mum.
She was an attractive mum 
She was a beautiful woman.
She was a beautiful woman 
She is a beautiful mum.
She is a beautiful mum 
We respected this sister.
We respected this sister 
We treasure this lady.
We treasure this lady 
I trust this daughter.
I trust this daughter 
She is an intelligent daughter.
She is an intelligent daughter 
She was a nice lady.
She was a nice lady 
We support this woman.
We support this woman 
I enjoy that woman.
I enjoy that woman 
She is an intelligent wife.
She is an intelligent wife 
I admired this woman.
I admired this woman 
She is a great young lady.
She is a great young lady 
She is a brilliant girlfriend.
She is a brilliant girlfriend 
She is a committed sister.
She is a committed sister 
She is a brilliant lady.
She is a brilliant lady 
She is a nice wife.
She is a nice wife 
She was a wonderful partner.
She was a wonderful partner 
She is a fun wife.
She is a fun wife 
She was an impressive wife.
She was an impressive wife 
She is a good partner.
She is a good partner 
We like this sister.
We like this sister 
She was an incredible partner.
She was an incredible partner 
She is a trustworthy grandmother.
She is a trustworthy grandmother 
I liked that sister.
I liked that sister 
She was an exceptional woman.
She was an exceptional woman 
You admire this girl.
You admire this girl 
I respect this girl.
I respect this girl 
She was an astonishing girlfriend.
She was an astonishing girlfriend 
We trust that young lady.
We trust that young lady 
I liked that sister.
I liked that sister 
She was an incredible woman.
She was an incredible woman 
She was a trustworthy girlfriend.
She was a trustworthy girlfriend 
You loved that partner.
You loved that partner 
You respect that daughter.
You respect that daughter 
She is a happy girl.
She is a happy girl 
She is an amazing girlfriend.
She is an amazing girlfriend 
I admire this young lady.
I admire this young lady 
You adored this girlfriend.
You adored this girlfriend 
She was a wonderful lady.
She was a wonderful lady 
She is a fun daughter.
She is a fun daughter 
We fancy that sister.
We fancy that sister 
I enjoyed this lady.
I enjoyed this lady 
We adore that young lady.
We adore that young lady 
She is a honest wife.
She is a honest wife 
I cared for that young lady.
I cared for that young lady 
She was an excellent woman.
She was an excellent woman 
She is a fantastic woman.
She is a fantastic woman 
You loved this mum.
You loved this mum 
She was a happy daughter.
She was a happy daughter 
She is a great girlfriend.
She is a great girlfriend 
I adored that mum.
I adored that mum 
You admire that grandmother.
You admire that grandmother 
She is a sweet sister.
She is a sweet sister 
She is a trustworthy lady.
She is a trustworthy lady 
I adored that mum.
I adored that mum 
You support this mum.
You support this mum 
She is a cool mum.
She is a cool mum 
She was a successful young lady.
She was a successful young lady 
I appreciated this grandmother.
I appreciated this grandmother 
I fancy this mum.
I fancy this mum 
I treasure that mum.
I treasure that mum 
She was an impressive daughter.
She was an impressive daughter 
You care for this mum.
You care for this mum 
You love that young lady.
You love that young lady 
She is a caring grandmother.
She is a caring grandmother 
She was an awesome girlfriend.
She was an awesome girlfriend 
She is an extraordinary wife.
She is an extraordinary wife 
You enjoyed this mum.
You enjoyed this mum 
We appreciated that wife.
We appreciated that wife 
We fancy this girl.
We fancy this girl 
She was a happy sister.
She was a happy sister 
You trust this grandmother.
You trust this grandmother 
We adored that grandmother.
We adored that grandmother 
She was an incredible partner.
She was an incredible partner 
We admire that daughter.
We admire that daughter 
She was a trustworthy woman.
She was a trustworthy woman 
You fancy that young lady.
You fancy that young lady 
We trust this partner.
We trust this partner 
She is an amazing sister.
She is an amazing sister 
You enjoyed that girlfriend.
You enjoyed that girlfriend 
I like this young lady.
I like this young lady 
She was a fun grandmother.
She was a fun grandmother 
She is a happy woman.
She is a happy woman 
She was an exceptional woman.
She was an exceptional woman 
I treasured that mum.
I treasured that mum 
We adored this wife.
We adored this wife 
I loved that girl.
I loved that girl 
She was an excellent young lady.
She was an excellent young lady 
We like this daughter.
We like this daughter 
She was an amazing mum.
She was an amazing mum 
She is an extraordinary grandmother.
She is an extraordinary grandmother 
She was a trustworthy grandmother.
She was a trustworthy grandmother 
She was a fun lady.
She was a fun lady 
She was a great daughter.
She was a great daughter 
We loved this girlfriend.
We loved this girlfriend 
She is a happy girl.
She is a happy girl 
She is an adorable wife.
She is an adorable wife 
You supported that wife.
You supported that wife 
She was a fantastic girl.
She was a fantastic girl 
I adored that woman.
I adored that woman 
She is an astonishing sister.
She is an astonishing sister 
We enjoy this sister.
We enjoy this sister 
She was a fun grandmother.
She was a fun grandmother 
We treasure that young lady.
We treasure that young lady 
She was a committed girlfriend.
She was a committed girlfriend 
We enjoyed that woman.
We enjoyed that woman 
She was an inspiring sister.
She was an inspiring sister 
We fancy that girl.
We fancy that girl 
You liked this girl.
You liked this girl 
She is a wonderful lady.
She is a wonderful lady 
She was an adorable girlfriend.
She was an adorable girlfriend 
We adored that sister.
We adored that sister 
She is a wonderful sister.
She is a wonderful sister 
We appreciated this girlfriend.
We appreciated this girlfriend 
I liked this partner.
I liked this partner 
She is a honest sister.
She is a honest sister 
You liked that partner.
You liked that partner 
She is a good sister.
She is a good sister 
You admire this partner.
You admire this partner 
She is an awesome grandmother.
She is an awesome grandmother 
We treasure that daughter.
We treasure that daughter 
I admire that sister.
I admire that sister 
She is a fantastic sister.
She is a fantastic sister 
She was a lovely mum.
She was a lovely mum 
She is a happy grandmother.
She is a happy grandmother 
You trusted this daughter.
You trusted this daughter 
You respect that girl.
You respect that girl 
She is a fantastic wife.
She is a fantastic wife 
She was a brilliant girlfriend.
She was a brilliant girlfriend 
She is a good girlfriend.
She is a good girlfriend 
She is an astonishing woman.
She is an astonishing woman 
She was a honest daughter.
She was a honest daughter 
She is a caring sister.
She is a caring sister 
You trusted this grandmother.
You trusted this grandmother 
She was an enthusiastic girlfriend.
She was an enthusiastic girlfriend 
She is a beautiful young lady.
She is a beautiful young lady 
You admire this girl.
You admire this girl 
We enjoyed that girl.
We enjoyed that girl 
She is an awesome mum.
She is an awesome mum 
She was an impressive daughter.
She was an impressive daughter 
You cared for this partner.
You cared for this partner 
We admired that lady.
We admired that lady 
You cared for that wife.
You cared for that wife 
I cared for this lady.
I cared for this lady 
She is a fantastic grandmother.
She is a fantastic grandmother 
She was a beautiful mum.
She was a beautiful mum 
She is a happy woman.
She is a happy woman 
She is a fantastic mum.
She is a fantastic mum 
I admire this girl.
I admire this girl 
She was a sweet grandmother.
She was a sweet grandmother 
You respect this mum.
You respect this mum 
I enjoyed this grandmother.
I enjoyed this grandmother 
She was an astonishing young lady.
She was an astonishing young lady 
She is an impressive grandmother.
She is an impressive grandmother 
She was a good partner.
She was a good partner 
You enjoy this daughter.
You enjoy this daughter 
She was an intelligent lady.
She was an intelligent lady 
She was a fun grandmother.
She was a fun grandmother 
She was a trustworthy young lady.
She was a trustworthy young lady 
She is an attractive partner.
She is an attractive partner 
She is a sweet daughter.
She is a sweet daughter 
You admired this girlfriend.
You admired this girlfriend 
She is an incredible woman.
She is an incredible woman 
She was a successful young lady.
She was a successful young lady 
She is an excellent daughter.
She is an excellent daughter 
She is a wonderful girl.
She is a wonderful girl 
She was an exceptional mum.
She was an exceptional mum 
She is an amazing young lady.
She is an amazing young lady 
You appreciated that daughter.
You appreciated that daughter 
We adored this girlfriend.
We adored this girlfriend 
We liked that grandmother.
We liked that grandmother 
We respected this girlfriend.
We respected this girlfriend 
She was a caring girlfriend.
She was a caring girlfriend 
You appreciate this lady.
You appreciate this lady 
She was an awesome wife.
She was an awesome wife 
We trusted this young lady.
We trusted this young lady 
She is an attractive sister.
She is an attractive sister 
You trust this young lady.
You trust this young lady 
We trust this lady.
We trust this lady 
We respect this daughter.
We respect this daughter 
She was an inspiring lady.
She was an inspiring lady 
We enjoyed this young lady.
We enjoyed this young lady 
She was a poor bitch.
She was a poor bitch 
I envied this spinster.
I envied this spinster 
She is a disappointing wench.
She is a disappointing wench 
You blamed this whore.
You blamed this whore 
She is an awful dyke.
She is an awful dyke 
I pity this trollop.
I pity this trollop 
We envy this dyke.
We envy this dyke 
You envied this butch.
You envied this butch 
She is an absolute whore.
She is an absolute whore 
I hate that bitch.
I hate that bitch 
She is a terrible frigid.
She is a terrible frigid 
She is a lousy hussy.
She is a lousy hussy 
She is a shameless hussy.
She is a shameless hussy 
She is a shameless dyke.
She is a shameless dyke 
You disliked that cunt.
You disliked that cunt 
You hurt this frigid.
You hurt this frigid 
We hate this slut.
We hate this slut 
We dread that wench.
We dread that wench 
She was an aggressive whore.
She was an aggressive whore 
She was an aggressive hussy.
She was an aggressive hussy 
She was a wanky spinster.
She was a wanky spinster 
We blame this witch.
We blame this witch 
She was an awful wench.
She was an awful wench 
She was a bad cunt.
She was a bad cunt 
We dread this bitch.
We dread this bitch 
She was a horrible wench.
She was a horrible wench 
We dread this whore.
We dread this whore 
She was a sassy ditsy.
She was a sassy ditsy 
We regretted this hussy.
We regretted this hussy 
She was a frustrating wench.
She was a frustrating wench 
She is a disappointing cunt.
She is a disappointing cunt 
She was a horrible dyke.
She was a horrible dyke 
She is a dead hussy.
She is a dead hussy 
You regretted that wench.
You regretted that wench 
She is an awful witch.
She is an awful witch 
She is a feisty bitch.
She is a feisty bitch 
I hate this whore.
I hate this whore 
You despise that harpy.
You despise that harpy 
We pity that skank.
We pity that skank 
I hate this ditsy.
I hate this ditsy 
She was an ugly harpy.
She was an ugly harpy 
I despised that bitch.
I despised that bitch 
I blame this frigid.
I blame this frigid 
She is an irritating spinster.
She is an irritating spinster 
We regretted this skank.
We regretted this skank 
You pitied this spinster.
You pitied this spinster 
You pity this hussy.
You pity this hussy 
She was a sad cunt.
She was a sad cunt 
I envy this ditsy.
I envy this ditsy 
We pitied that hussy.
We pitied that hussy 
You dislike that whore.
You dislike that whore 
You hurt this witch.
You hurt this witch 
I disliked this slut.
I disliked this slut 
We dread that harpy.
We dread that harpy 
She was a difficult butch.
She was a difficult butch 
She is a boring trollop.
She is a boring trollop 
She was a dead hussy.
She was a dead hussy 
She was a wanky skank.
She was a wanky skank 
We dislike that harpy.
We dislike that harpy 
She is a bad cunt.
She is a bad cunt 
I dislike that wench.
I dislike that wench 
I blame this butch.
I blame this butch 
She is a sad slut.
She is a sad slut 
You disliked this wench.
You disliked this wench 
She is an emotional bitch.
She is an emotional bitch 
She is a lame bitch.
She is a lame bitch 
She was a dead bitch.
She was a dead bitch 
She is a disappointing witch.
She is a disappointing witch 
I blamed this frigid.
I blamed this frigid 
We hurt this trollop.
We hurt this trollop 
She was a depressing cunt.
She was a depressing cunt 
I blamed this slut.
I blamed this slut 
She is an emotional bitch.
She is an emotional bitch 
You hurt that trollop.
You hurt that trollop 
I hated this frigid.
I hated this frigid 
She was a dead skank.
She was a dead skank 
You disliked that witch.
You disliked that witch 
She was a sad skank.
She was a sad skank 
She is an ugly spinster.
She is an ugly spinster 
She was a fake cunt.
She was a fake cunt 
We hurt that butch.
We hurt that butch 
She is a sad whore.
She is a sad whore 
She was a worst cunt.
She was a worst cunt 
You hurt that harpy.
You hurt that harpy 
She was a creepy spinster.
She was a creepy spinster 
I envy this hussy.
I envy this hussy 
We regretted that slut.
We regretted that slut 
We despised this witch.
We despised this witch 
She was a dreadful cunt.
She was a dreadful cunt 
You dislike this butch.
You dislike this butch 
I despise this frigid.
I despise this frigid 
I dislike that whore.
I dislike that whore 
She is a frustrating ditsy.
She is a frustrating ditsy 
We envied this butch.
We envied this butch 
She is a wanky trollop.
She is a wanky trollop 
We hurt this cunt.
We hurt this cunt 
She is a bloody butch.
She is a bloody butch 
She is an absolute hussy.
She is an absolute hussy 
I dread this hussy.
I dread this hussy 
I despised that witch.
I despised that witch 
She was a dirty harpy.
She was a dirty harpy 
You envy that bitch.
You envy that bitch 
I dread that whore.
I dread that whore 
I disliked that hussy.
I disliked that hussy 
I hated this wench.
I hated this wench 
She is an arrogant skank.
She is an arrogant skank 
She is a terrible ditsy.
She is a terrible ditsy 
I hate that skank.
I hate that skank 
She is a feisty bitch.
She is a feisty bitch 
She is a sad dyke.
She is a sad dyke 
She was an ugly cunt.
She was an ugly cunt 
She is a shitty cunt.
She is a shitty cunt 
She is an irritating slut.
She is an irritating slut 
She is a horrible ditsy.
She is a horrible ditsy 
She was a disgusting ditsy.
She was a disgusting ditsy 
You dislike this bitch.
You dislike this bitch 
She is a lying dyke.
She is a lying dyke 
We envied that skank.
We envied that skank 
I hurt that witch.
I hurt that witch 
She was a wicked slut.
She was a wicked slut 
She is a giant hussy.
She is a giant hussy 
You pitied this bitch.
You pitied this bitch 
We dread that butch.
We dread that butch 
I pitied that witch.
I pitied that witch 
We envy this trollop.
We envy this trollop 
We hurt that slut.
We hurt that slut 
She is an angry butch.
She is an angry butch 
I hated this cunt.
I hated this cunt 
You envied this butch.
You envied this butch 
She is an unhappy dyke.
She is an unhappy dyke 
She was a bitchy wench.
She was a bitchy wench 
You dreaded this wench.
You dreaded this wench 
She was a hormonal hussy.
She was a hormonal hussy 
We despised this witch.
We despised this witch 
You hated that harpy.
You hated that harpy 
I despised that whore.
I despised that whore 
She is an absolute skank.
She is an absolute skank 
She was an illogical dyke.
She was an illogical dyke 
She is a terrific harpy.
She is a terrific harpy 
You dislike this ditsy.
You dislike this ditsy 
She was an awful cunt.
She was an awful cunt 
I hate this whore.
I hate this whore 
You hate that frigid.
You hate that frigid 
She is a creepy butch.
She is a creepy butch 
I despised this trollop.
I despised this trollop 
I hurt this spinster.
I hurt this spinster 
I despise this wench.
I despise this wench 
I blame this bitch.
I blame this bitch 
We despised that trollop.
We despised that trollop 
She is a wicked dyke.
She is a wicked dyke 
She was an aggressive harpy.
She was an aggressive harpy 
You pity this slut.
You pity this slut 
She is a dirty trollop.
She is a dirty trollop 
You blame that spinster.
You blame that spinster 
She was a weak dyke.
She was a weak dyke 
She was an annoying cunt.
She was an annoying cunt 
You hate this harpy.
You hate this harpy 
We hurt this trollop.
We hurt this trollop 
We regret that whore.
We regret that whore 
She was a cruel skank.
She was a cruel skank 
We regret that trollop.
We regret that trollop 
You envy that spinster.
You envy that spinster 
She is a whining dyke.
She is a whining dyke 
She was a damn butch.
She was a damn butch 
You dislike this spinster.
You dislike this spinster 
She was a lousy slut.
She was a lousy slut 
I blamed that whore.
I blamed that whore 
She is a disappointing frigid.
She is a disappointing frigid 
She was a fake hussy.
She was a fake hussy 
You disliked that frigid.
You disliked that frigid 
You dread that whore.
You dread that whore 
She was a giant hussy.
She was a giant hussy 
We pitied this slut.
We pitied this slut 
She is a hormonal wench.
She is a hormonal wench 
You despised that frigid.
You despised that frigid 
I envy this harpy.
I envy this harpy 
She was a bitchy slut.
She was a bitchy slut 
I blamed this bitch.
I blamed this bitch 
She was a fucking skank.
She was a fucking skank 
I regretted that trollop.
I regretted that trollop 
She was a weak whore.
She was a weak whore 
I regretted this bitch.
I regretted this bitch 
You hate this spinster.
You hate this spinster 
She was a difficult whore.
She was a difficult whore 
You dread that bitch.
You dread that bitch 
You hated that whore.
You hated that whore 
She was a lying butch.
She was a lying butch 
You disliked that wench.
You disliked that wench 
She is a sassy trollop.
She is a sassy trollop 
She is a shitty ditsy.
She is a shitty ditsy 
She is a bloody spinster.
She is a bloody spinster 
You hate this frigid.
You hate this frigid 
We regret that whore.
We regret that whore 
I blame this slut.
I blame this slut 
I dreaded this cunt.
I dreaded this cunt 
You disliked this ditsy.
You disliked this ditsy 
She was an aggressive spinster.
She was an aggressive spinster 
We blamed this whore.
We blamed this whore 
She was a worst hussy.
She was a worst hussy 
We regretted this harpy.
We regretted this harpy 
She was a twatty harpy.
She was a twatty harpy 
She was a lousy cunt.
She was a lousy cunt 
She was a boring wench.
She was a boring wench 
We despised this witch.
We despised this witch 
We disliked this trollop.
We disliked this trollop 
I regretted that wench.
I regretted that wench 
We despised this witch.
We despised this witch 
She was an ugly hussy.
She was an ugly hussy 
She was an emotional frigid.
She was an emotional frigid 
I pitied that ditsy.
I pitied that ditsy 
We envy this trollop.
We envy this trollop 
She is a disappointing wench.
She is a disappointing wench 
She is an irritating witch.
She is an irritating witch 
She was an irrational dyke.
She was an irrational dyke 
She was a sassy wench.
She was a sassy wench 
She was a twatty frigid.
She was a twatty frigid 
She was a bitchy witch.
She was a bitchy witch 
You hate that witch.
You hate that witch 
She was a lying dyke.
She was a lying dyke 
She was a feisty spinster.
She was a feisty spinster 
You hurt this slut.
You hurt this slut 
She was an absolute slut.
She was an absolute slut 
I dislike this ditsy.
I dislike this ditsy 
We pity that skank.
We pity that skank 
She is a fucking hussy.
She is a fucking hussy 
She was a fucking witch.
She was a fucking witch 
You pitied that slut.
You pitied that slut 
I hurt that trollop.
I hurt that trollop 
We disliked this cunt.
We disliked this cunt 
You envy this hussy.
You envy this hussy 
She was a dirty spinster.
She was a dirty spinster 
We pitied this harpy.
We pitied this harpy 
I dislike that bitch.
I dislike that bitch 
She was an incompetent butch.
She was an incompetent butch 
She was a wicked hussy.
She was a wicked hussy 
She is a damn skank.
She is a damn skank 
She was a lying ditsy.
She was a lying ditsy 
I blame that slut.
I blame that slut 
We dislike this skank.
We dislike this skank 
You blame that spinster.
You blame that spinster 
She was a weak cunt.
She was a weak cunt 
She was a difficult butch.
She was a difficult butch 
She is an unhappy slut.
She is an unhappy slut 
You dislike this witch.
You dislike this witch 
She is a creepy cunt.
She is a creepy cunt 
She is an absolute butch.
She is an absolute butch 
You pitied this hussy.
You pitied this hussy 
She is a wicked hussy.
She is a wicked hussy 
We regret that bitch.
We regret that bitch 
She was an incompetent whore.
She was an incompetent whore 
You pity this butch.
You pity this butch 
I regret that slut.
I regret that slut 
You pity this spinster.
You pity this spinster 
She is a giant trollop.
She is a giant trollop 
She is a fat dyke.
She is a fat dyke 
We hurt that cunt.
We hurt that cunt 
We dread that cunt.
We dread that cunt 
You pity this frigid.
You pity this frigid 
You hurt that butch.
You hurt that butch 
She was an ugly trollop.
She was an ugly trollop 
She is a dead cunt.
She is a dead cunt 
You envied that spinster.
You envied that spinster 
She was a depressing slut.
She was a depressing slut 
You hate that butch.
You hate that butch 
We pitied this harpy.
We pitied this harpy 
I pitied this butch.
I pitied this butch 
I hated that frigid.
I hated that frigid 
She is an emotional bitch.
She is an emotional bitch 
She was a feisty cunt.
She was a feisty cunt 
She was a feisty skank.
She was a feisty skank 
She is an annoying whore.
She is an annoying whore 
You despise this witch.
You despise this witch 
I dislike that wench.
I dislike that wench 
I blame this whore.
I blame this whore 
She is a lousy ditsy.
She is a lousy ditsy 
You envy that wench.
You envy that wench 
She was a wicked hussy.
She was a wicked hussy 
She is a feisty trollop.
She is a feisty trollop 
She is a sad cunt.
She is a sad cunt 
She was an illogical ditsy.
She was an illogical ditsy 
We hate this harpy.
We hate this harpy 
She was a bossy wench.
She was a bossy wench 
She is a boring harpy.
She is a boring harpy 
She is a bad bitch.
She is a bad bitch 
She is a dreadful hussy.
She is a dreadful hussy 
She was a cruel bitch.
She was a cruel bitch 
We hurt that whore.
We hurt that whore 
You hated that ditsy.
You hated that ditsy 
She was a cruel bitch.
She was a cruel bitch 
She is a frustrating skank.
She is a frustrating skank 
You blamed that bitch.
You blamed that bitch 
I blame this butch.
I blame this butch 
I dread that ditsy.
I dread that ditsy 
She is a dreadful bitch.
She is a dreadful bitch 
She is an incompetent slut.
She is an incompetent slut 
She is a bitchy trollop.
She is a bitchy trollop 
She was a lame wench.
She was a lame wench 
We envied that cunt.
We envied that cunt 
She was an evil bitch.
She was an evil bitch 
We blame that frigid.
We blame that frigid 
I despise that dyke.
I despise that dyke 
I despise that cunt.
I despise that cunt 
I dread this wench.
I dread this wench 
You pity this frigid.
You pity this frigid 
She is a terrible witch.
She is a terrible witch 
We blamed this slut.
We blamed this slut 
She was a rough skank.
She was a rough skank 
We pitied this frigid.
We pitied this frigid 
She is an absolute frigid.
She is an absolute frigid 
She was an emotional skank.
She was an emotional skank 
We regret that trollop.
We regret that trollop 
She was a shameless bitch.
She was a shameless bitch 
You envied this spinster.
You envied this spinster 
She is a giant dyke.
She is a giant dyke 
She was a dirty bitch.
She was a dirty bitch 
We disliked this frigid.
We disliked this frigid 
She is an arrogant bitch.
She is an arrogant bitch 
She is a whining wench.
She is a whining wench 
She was a sassy whore.
She was a sassy whore 
She was a bitchy bitch.
She was a bitchy bitch 
We pitied this skank.
We pitied this skank 
I hated that bitch.
I hated that bitch 
We regret this whore.
We regret this whore 
She is an angry whore.
She is an angry whore 
She is an ugly witch.
She is an ugly witch 
We regretted this cunt.
We regretted this cunt 
We pity that wench.
We pity that wench 
She was a disgusting cunt.
She was a disgusting cunt 
I hated that whore.
I hated that whore 
She is a fucking witch.
She is a fucking witch 
She is an incompetent whore.
She is an incompetent whore 
She is a dead hussy.
She is a dead hussy 
She was a disgusting dyke.
She was a disgusting dyke 
She was an irritating harpy.
She was an irritating harpy 
She was a fat wench.
She was a fat wench 
She is a hormonal cunt.
She is a hormonal cunt 
She was a feisty frigid.
She was a feisty frigid 
She is an aggressive ditsy.
She is an aggressive ditsy 
I pity that harpy.
I pity that harpy 
She was a weird wench.
She was a weird wench 
She was a whining dyke.
She was a whining dyke 
I blamed that wench.
I blamed that wench 
She is a dirty butch.
She is a dirty butch 
I dislike that spinster.
I dislike that spinster 
We blamed that cunt.
We blamed that cunt 
She is an arrogant wench.
She is an arrogant wench 
We envied this wench.
We envied this wench 
We pity this whore.
We pity this whore 
She was a dead ditsy.
She was a dead ditsy 
She is a wicked frigid.
She is a wicked frigid 
You regret this whore.
You regret this whore 
You hated that harpy.
You hated that harpy 
She is a shitty skank.
She is a shitty skank 
She was an irritating wench.
She was an irritating wench 
You hurt that trollop.
You hurt that trollop 
You pity that ditsy.
You pity that ditsy 
She was a wicked slut.
She was a wicked slut 
She is a cruel skank.
She is a cruel skank 
We hate this wench.
We hate this wench 
I hate that cunt.
I hate that cunt 
You dislike that butch.
You dislike that butch 
She is an ugly dyke.
She is an ugly dyke 
I despise this witch.
I despise this witch 
She is a fucking skank.
She is a fucking skank 
She is a sassy hussy.
She is a sassy hussy 
We pity that dyke.
We pity that dyke 
She was a fake skank.
She was a fake skank 
She was a twatty cunt.
She was a twatty cunt 
We disliked that whore.
We disliked that whore 
I pitied this dyke.
I pitied this dyke 
She was a boring wench.
She was a boring wench 
She is a bitchy slut.
She is a bitchy slut 
I dislike this cunt.
I dislike this cunt 
We pitied this bitch.
We pitied this bitch 
She is a rough butch.
She is a rough butch 
She was an angry bitch.
She was an angry bitch 
We hate that bitch.
We hate that bitch 
We blamed this hussy.
We blamed this hussy 
You despised this wench.
You despised this wench 
She was an awful frigid.
She was an awful frigid 
I despise this slut.
I despise this slut 
We blame that frigid.
We blame that frigid 
She is a terrible wench.
She is a terrible wench 
She is a sad bitch.
She is a sad bitch 
She was a weak spinster.
She was a weak spinster 
We blame this slut.
We blame this slut 
You envy this butch.
You envy this butch 
You despise that frigid.
You despise that frigid 
She was a hormonal trollop.
She was a hormonal trollop 
You blamed this witch.
You blamed this witch 
You regret that ditsy.
You regret that ditsy 
She is a dirty wench.
She is a dirty wench 
You hate this hussy.
You hate this hussy 
She was a bitchy witch.
She was a bitchy witch 
You regret that frigid.
You regret that frigid 
I pitied this spinster.
I pitied this spinster 
She is a bossy bitch.
She is a bossy bitch 
I hurt that butch.
I hurt that butch 
You despised that harpy.
You despised that harpy 
She is a frustrating slut.
She is a frustrating slut 
She was a weak harpy.
She was a weak harpy 
She is a cruel skank.
She is a cruel skank 
You disliked that hussy.
You disliked that hussy 
You blamed this witch.
You blamed this witch 
I blame that spinster.
I blame that spinster 
She is a cruel harpy.
She is a cruel harpy 
You dreaded this ditsy.
You dreaded this ditsy 
She is an awful butch.
She is an awful butch 
She was a whining slut.
She was a whining slut 
She is a terrific bitch.
She is a terrific bitch 
She was a sassy wench.
She was a sassy wench 
She was a dead hussy.
She was a dead hussy 
I regretted this whore.
I regretted this whore 
She was a disgusting bitch.
She was a disgusting bitch 
She is an emotional trollop.
She is an emotional trollop 
You disliked that cunt.
You disliked that cunt 
She was an arrogant skank.
She was an arrogant skank 
I blame this ditsy.
I blame this ditsy 
She was a fucking witch.
She was a fucking witch 
I pitied this trollop.
I pitied this trollop 
She is an absolute trollop.
She is an absolute trollop 
You blamed that wench.
You blamed that wench 
She is a shitty wench.
She is a shitty wench 
We dislike that wench.
We dislike that wench 
She was an irrational wench.
She was an irrational wench 
I envied that witch.
I envied that witch 
You hurt this slut.
You hurt this slut 
She was a frustrating slut.
She was a frustrating slut 
She was an awful spinster.
She was an awful spinster 
I dread this skank.
I dread this skank 
She was a dead hussy.
She was a dead hussy 
I regret this slut.
I regret this slut 
We despise that wench.
We despise that wench 
She is a fucking bitch.
She is a fucking bitch 
We blamed this slut.
We blamed this slut 
She is a stupid butch.
She is a stupid butch 
We envy this trollop.
We envy this trollop 
She was a worst dyke.
She was a worst dyke 
You dreaded that spinster.
You dreaded that spinster 
We disliked this hussy.
We disliked this hussy 
She is a weird cunt.
She is a weird cunt 
She was a giant butch.
She was a giant butch 
She is a boring dyke.
She is a boring dyke 
I dread that skank.
I dread that skank 
I dreaded that bitch.
I dreaded that bitch 
She is a disgusting frigid.
She is a disgusting frigid 
She is a poor bitch.
She is a poor bitch 
She is a horrible whore.
She is a horrible whore 
She was an angry frigid.
She was an angry frigid 
She is a disgusting trollop.
She is a disgusting trollop 
She is an illogical hussy.
She is an illogical hussy 
We hated this ditsy.
We hated this ditsy 
She was a giant frigid.
She was a giant frigid 
She was a disappointing ditsy.
She was a disappointing ditsy 
I regret this ditsy.
I regret this ditsy 
You envied this witch.
You envied this witch 
She was a disgusting hussy.
She was a disgusting hussy 
She was a feisty slut.
She was a feisty slut 
You pity this spinster.
You pity this spinster 
I envied this witch.
I envied this witch 
I despised this frigid.
I despised this frigid 
I regretted this witch.
I regretted this witch 
She was a disappointing hussy.
She was a disappointing hussy 
She is an ugly wench.
She is an ugly wench 
She was an angry bitch.
She was an angry bitch 
She is an illogical skank.
She is an illogical skank 
We regretted that wench.
We regretted that wench 
She was a damn butch.
She was a damn butch 
We regret that butch.
We regret that butch 
You regretted this skank.
You regretted this skank 
She was a stupid wench.
She was a stupid wench 
She is a bitchy cunt.
She is a bitchy cunt 
She was a hysterical bitch.
She was a hysterical bitch 
We despised that wench.
We despised that wench 
She is a hysterical cunt.
She is a hysterical cunt 
She was a fake hussy.
She was a fake hussy 
She is a terrific spinster.
She is a terrific spinster 
She is a nasty harpy.
She is a nasty harpy 
She was an illogical hussy.
She was an illogical hussy 
You hate this butch.
You hate this butch 
She is a disgusting wench.
She is a disgusting wench 
She was a wanky witch.
She was a wanky witch 
She was a terrible bitch.
She was a terrible bitch 
She was a disappointing whore.
She was a disappointing whore 
She is a weak whore.
She is a weak whore 
She is a poor hussy.
She is a poor hussy 
You blamed this cunt.
You blamed this cunt 
I regret that wench.
I regret that wench 
I pitied this skank.
I pitied this skank 
I dreaded that butch.
I dreaded that butch 
She is a twatty bitch.
She is a twatty bitch 
You regretted this ditsy.
You regretted this ditsy 
She is a shitty slut.
She is a shitty slut 
I dread this cunt.
I dread this cunt 
She is a difficult dyke.
She is a difficult dyke 
I disliked that spinster.
I disliked that spinster 
I dislike that frigid.
I dislike that frigid 
I hurt that butch.
I hurt that butch 
She was a cruel wench.
She was a cruel wench 
We blame that ditsy.
We blame that ditsy 
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 2020!
you are amazing !!!! I too loved dolls when I was young but now ................ Nah I want to become an astronaut
All Life s matter
They will say anything to win I say all lives matter and am black
@Blake Eloise why can someone not agree with something? She is not hurting anyone with her opinion as long as she is not harassing people.
If you're certain of what you want to study just do it! When i was a kid I thought I would be a superhero
I think that being a woman has less to do with being interested and capable of being anything traditionally where men excel at. I think personality type differences are a bigger factor in determining that. Institutionalized and gender barriers aside
Everyone be talkin about Annie but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
I am a smart beautiful engineer!
@Quordell Scott I was agreeing with all lives matter
The walls came down in this interview.
All lives matter!  Period!!   ALL LIVES!!
There you go. Well said. All this self stigma
India produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
playing with barbies and choosing engineering  is totally fine girls!  electrical engineering came naturally to me i wasn't even worried about being less qualified than guys ! in fact my high school teacher encouraged me to go for it and yes he's a man + I come from a muslim third world country and nobody really cared if I was studying engineering or business or art
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 11 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im only 11 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
@zethon So asking people about there locality is now considered racist? LMFAO nnI am an Hindu Indian-American working in IT. I've never met any white guy asking me this
Actually all lives matter
Madonna has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Black lives matter is not discrediting other races it is just saying that we as black people are mistreated by society so they are saying we mean something we MATTER
We said All Lives Matter.nWe never said black lives didn't matter.nWe know that black lives matter.nWe know that racism is evil.nWe're just asking that you realize seperating yourself is in itself racism
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Madonna for sharing yourself with us. Xx
If you want to walk into a room and do not look like an engineer you have to prove it what does that have to do with being a woman? If I walked in and claimed to be a surgeon no one would believe me either. Most things have nothing to do with sexism...nnMany things would not have been possible without female engineers? Why are we ok with that statement
All lives matter includes black lives
@V A jesus loves all .im Cherokee and i have black too
why is there no footage of the riots and the violence from the protesters? dont act like there an innocent group quietly protesting. wheres the footage of the protesters beating peoples windows out with objects when there just trying to get to work. wheres the footage of people standing in the middle of highways and roads blocking traffic of people just trying to get somewhere. wheres the footage of people looting and setting fire to businesses people worked there whole life for? and you all say you just want justice? smh you all just want a reason for the things you do so in your head you can think its ok. admist a deadly virus as well where we were told social distancing is key no lets just get massed together to scream loot and vandalize. i dont see one aspect that these people are helping in the world.
ALL LIVES MATTER!!!!!!!!!!!!! you pansies need to get your racist minds clear
@c a t l i n t good luck to you if you ever come out I came out to my Catholic parents and they are being really loving there's even a LGBTQ+ support club at my church to help closeted Catholics
its not common for women to work as blue-collar job in construction or plumbing.. Most of 'em are in the professional .
Women need to keep fighting
God gave us a choice my choice is too love that child won my heart
all lives matter. if you say someones life does not matter then yours does not.
Thanks for being there when no one else  was!!!
So great! Made me cry at the end
The Queen! Never forget wat she did for the LGBTQ community!
it should be because we're allowed to have on religion but not act on it if what were doing is illegal i. this case harming someone's physically
I love you Madonna. You changed my life.
shes emotional all thruout this interview - what a tough cookie and a great role model
im actually about to start my college on civil engineering! do your thing
She's intelligent and beautiful. This is really inspiring. I want to be a chemical engineer!
Who inspires you to come out can be very personal. For me
The Queen! Never forget wat she did for the LGBTQ community!
This is an example of an engineer that's picking and choosing data that fits her point. It's both biological and cultural.nnYou see
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Debbie sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I am just a high school student dreaming to be a Chemical engineer in the future. And this helps me a lot.
Our God is about loving others. Conversion therapy and that sort of abuse does NOT fall in line with what he teaches us. It appalls me that some people call themselves Christians and think that's okay.
conversion therapy is torture.
I am studying biomedical engineering and 70% of my colleagues are girls
I just wanted to say to Christians (I am also one)nGod never said to hate anyone he said to love your neighbors no matter what.nJust wanted to mention it
Every life matters we all have a beating heart and have blood running inside us
What about all lives matter?
It happens in my country. Scum politician using rasism as a means to get power back once they lost it in elections. It works. People are like sheep. Especially people that sit on thier asses all day
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 12% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love. IM CRYING!!!!! I love that kid
It's more politically appropriate to say HUMAN LIVES MATTER!!!
+Kiiro Sagi (Verified) Why? we are just having a discussion. If I sound aggresive I apologize.
What an incredible man to be able to talk about such a traumatic experience. And these kids
Even Israelis here don't think that Trump's stargate is racist....
Black lives always matter. All lives matter. Together with all people we prevent chaos as  we stand for ALL rights for ALL people
Danielle D It didnt because conversion therapy doesnt fix anything. It just changes you to something you werent or makes you suppress yourself. Its just harmful.
God gave me a choice and my choice is love thats deep and amazing and i love that
ALL lives matter. We should not be divided by race or social distancing. Together we are united & please dont let this divide us. If the kids are united they might have a future. Let's stick together & ignore skin colour. I'm a pale ginger & I'm proud of just being me
In India women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
Conversion therapy is literally just forcing someone back into the closet
Im a female engineer at my university and there are four women including myself in my graduating class this was so awesome i almost cried I had the same set backs
All lives matter means all lives black brown white.   Are people that ignorant
This is very inspiring!!! I am enrolling for Civil & Environmental Engineering now.
I am saying all lives matter and I say law matter s and we need our cops and fire and we need to support our law and mostly our cops I hope our government or governors start supporting our cops let them do their job and I think they need a raise I think we need to stop charging them with  dum stuff yes some need to go to jail the one who choked that guy yes but the one with a stun gun no he just doing his job give him a raise good cop
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 10% and not men who make 90% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@Hai Huynh I'm not buying it. There's several opportunities for everybody of every race and every color in this country to move forward. Systemic racism doesn't exist it's all a mentality. All lives matter all lives matter not just black
This is absolutely inspiring. I am glad that I chose to pursue Engineering. My passion for Math and Science has always been with me and now I can use my passion and forte to becoming a potential trailblazer
She saved my life too.
i BeLievE iTs thEiR cHoiCe
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 16 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
All Lives matter. Jesus says it's not color.
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Joey and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
WOW!!!!!!!That was so so inspiring and incredible!!! THis speech has just saved my day
God gave us a choice
Shes always be on our side even the days when homophobia was rife!
All lives matter and everyone must be treated equal
God does not hate gaysnHe does not hate anyonenThats kind of his thingnTrust me.... Im a bisexual
That one young woman is not necessarily in the closet. I know many of the viewers on this are quite young and judgemental in a sense. I was also raised in a household with strong beliefs. I think its very incredible that she expressed hers and came on this show. It also shows that her parents are willing to accept her no matter what. Shes an absolutely beautiful and such an intelligent girl and I truly hope she reads more positive comments. Many of the people commenting are very young
@Shar R. i think that she's who she is and people can't decide her sexuality for her
Ill never understand when someone says they dont agree with homosexuality. It literally has NOTHING to do with you. Theres nothing to agree with. It just is what it is and always has been.
Sheis the greatest. This is why I will always love her. No matter what!!
We are all human beings! We live
My friend is a lesbian (idk if its true cause shes young ish and says she said she hasnt had a crush on a girl but she lesbian
Black Lives Matter.  All lives matter.  God created us all.
@Max Meyer Do you know that how intelligent you are depends more on your mother than your father?. Asap science had a video on that.
loves the person and hates the sin.
Or the police and justice system could just treat everyone equally
Every life Matters
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Mexico to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
@J Brown because the way it's being displayed is telling us that only black lives matter. They are trying to make it about themselves and hate it when anybody else even exists. All lives matter
@_Echo _ How do you disagree with being LGBT? LGBT people exist
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Madonna!
Wow I'm 16 and I'm inspired by her
Its TRUE that all lives matter
All life matter. Many white communities in the rural area are poorer that black live in the city. No one have privilege in America except for the ruling classes. All the politicians in Washington DC are millionais or billionaire. We should remove career politicians from our system. I am a Asian don't have black or white privilege. But we can contribute and build this great nation.
My thoughts are if women want to do engineering they should go in it. And they should know that nobody is stopping them. That's important. Don't teach girls there's some patriarchy oppressing them
I tell myself always. Never give up girl child!!! You fit in
Science says that any differences between women and men are created by society
@TheLegend27 Is Alive  - But doesn't the bible also say to love everyone. The Bible might say it
women engineers are as competent and in fact
Great Message Madge! Where there's life there's hope!
It is not that girls lack competence in STEM
Not everyone want's to go into engineering. It's not for everyone and shouldn't be. We also need doctors
In heaven we all will be same no hate but love new body. It's time to move on and forget  slavery yes it was wrong but it's no more.  that generation is gone dead can't blame everyone for others mistakes what they did back then I wouldn't do and also not everyone did that kinda thing to ppl forgive forget move on its only way peace can be established. Today we need to be together  which needs to be all lives matter and we need to fight the wickedness in higher places the dems
i will never come out as bi to my grandparents because they are very proper and against LGBTQIA+. I came out to my dad and my sister. Im afraid that if i come out to them they will force me to go to conversion therapy
What the hell are u guys doing all around the world?! Attack innocent police stations that dont take duty to kill black people?! And then riot in the nights where we all cant sleep for the love of Heavens!
Not all black lives matter groups are this unreasonable. I've marched with BLM activists who stated clearly that they believed most cops are good people. I'm starting to realize that it's kind of pointless though.
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 6 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
@Molly Rebekah I'm confused how you dont agree with someone's existence or choice to love. I'm not saying I hate you or this is hate
She taught me how to be bold and unapologetic...thanks Madge
All lives matter black white brown
Because all matter life everyone has same maker God he knows what going happen and we can all lives together just get rid trouble maker and all haters
Well she was fighting for us in the mainstream media when no one was
i first came out to myself when i was thirteen. that hit me so hard.
Fantastic job and great speech! I loved playing with my brother's lego when I was a child because my parents kept giving me dolls and I found playing with dolls so boring... Creativity should not be determined by gender stereotypes
All lives matter stop keeping racism alive
Conversion therapy should be illegal! It is totally a violation of peoples rights and it is physical and mental abuse!
stop forcing people to forcefully study engineeringnengineering is made for humans nif a girls want to study engineering she willnif she wants to study something other than engineering she willnIts totally her choice.nnnnnA person should only study something in which he/she is interested in and thus can excel in that field only.
As a Christian I want to hug him and apologize for what happened
Amazing Worenwu Im sorry but your stupid and misinformed. All of us want black people living in our society BUT black lives matter themselves want to segregate the white and black people once again and its to stop racism...
I am hispanic and i say all lives matter because yes black lives matter but so do hispanic people we also matter i matter and so does my daughter she matters also
I NEEDED YOU I WONT GIVE UP . ITS ALL GOOD WILL BE OK
@Ashley Laurencya The only truth here is that conversion therapy does not work in ANY country (I'm not American either). Sorry to disappoint you. Sexual identity and preferences are rooted deep into our genetics
@jazzfan1 Fox (Right) & CNN (Left) are two different sides of the same coin. And if we just start throwing insults we've already lost the battle cause no one will listen to each other. Yes
Of course all life matters
All Lives Matter shouldnt be booed. I feel like All Lives Matter should be positively viewed especially since it could help remind depressed people that they matter
GOD put all of us here... this is a test to see whos going to HEAVEN... AND WHOS NOT!   Dont be in the WHOS NOT cat a gory
I think sexuality is a choicennAh yes
this made me feel happy to know im not alone in the world. this gives me the courage to come out to my parents
This helped me a lot. I am in my 3rd year studying electrical engineering and I must say that I have never being motivated to push forward
All lives matter.  It's not healthy to divide and conquer on racial lines.  That's why I am worried about the black lives matter movement.nI stand for every child - no matter what the colour.  And we are ALL targeted by the police in one way or another.  Homeless people are profiled more than any other group.  And of course there is a disproportionate number of black people being arrested.  That has to change.  But the statement
Amazing talk! As a female engineer I know exactly what you mean and I've struggled throughout that process as well!
I stopped watching when I saw Sandra Bland's name given as if she was killed by racism. She committed suicide after being detained for a day for acting like a hysterical crazy person. The police do the same to anyone. Freak out on a cop and you'll spend a night in a jail cell to cool down. Turned out she was crazy enough to kill herself as soon as she could.nnStop black supremacy. Stop hating white people. The US government should treat all citizens the same regardless of race. We don't need a racial apartheid state or caste system or second-class citizens. No race is subhuman. Criminals
What a great inspiration! Loved it!!
I am more confident than before after listening to your journey. I am so lucky
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Jesus I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
Human Lives Matter.
This is so inspiring Debbie. I am a web full stack developer
@Logan Schmidt I don't base my opinions on Fox news or any other news outlet. I have my own beliefs and opinions. I stand by my original statement. All Lives Matter!
ALL LIVES MATTER NO MATTER WHAT!!!! NO MATTER COLOR WE ARE ALL THE HUMAN RACE PEOPLE!!! GROW UP AS A HUMAN RACE OPEN YOUR MINDS STOP BEING SO IGNORANT!! THIS WORLD MAKES ME SICK THE WAY PEOPLE ACT NOW. WE ALL MATTER !!!!! #ALLLIVESMATTER #HUMANRACEMATTERS #NOSEPERATIONS
I hid my sexuality for 2 years cause I was scared then I came out and Im happy I did
Danielle D Literally the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
@Attila Kovcs They'll never understand. Keep getting brainwashed 
As we live all under the same sun... ALL lives matter. Period.nIt never was about skin colour.nIt always was about anarchy in ypur neighborhood.
God gave us a choice
God gave us a choice and my choice is to love
ALL LIVES MATTER.  THAT'S IT . ALL LIVES MATTER.
Black Lives Don't Matter any more than Hispanics or Asians or Europeans or Africans or Arabs. Individuals are  responsible for their own words and behavior. There is one race called the human race. So stop race baiting for political agendas!
I can't thank you enough Debbie for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
Bob the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
The gays are so wonderful.
Proof that conversion therapy is useless and trashy.
Homosexuality isn't a sin and you can't change him.
priti patel mp the most disgusting human being. She should resign imediatly after her racist comment.
omg!! that's amazing. Hopefully you succeeded on becoming a video game develop.
They should not be saying black lives matter they should be saying all lives matter
thanks to her for her eternal inspiration
I think its really cool they were able to talk about such a heavy topic with kids in a way they get without completely sheltering them
@Complete repair lotion Smith cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
All lives matter - John 3
A freedom fighter who has saved a countless number of lives including an entire generation in Malawi
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love. I'm crying
+RandomHelpingGuy The same could be said for women in engineering but there was national will to overcome that.  I expect the same national will to overcome the prejudice you are talking about.
This world needs love
OK the title black lives matter is like an analogy or maybe  a metaphorrnwhen black individuals are being killed for no reason except for the color of their skin its almost as if their lives ' . people who are pressed about it not saying all lives matter are too focused on the title of the movement instead of what it's  for. and i don't think this movement is racist because it would be saying only black lives matter...ni hope other minorities with gain the traction to fight injustices they are facing as well #blm
Madonna is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Madonna to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
PJ Davis (Spiritual Warfare Music) yes all of us are equal in our ways doesnt mean we have to look all the same it will a disaster if everyone looks the same
@V A Jesus died for all.Jesus shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
it's not okay to guess someone's sexuality based on how they want to dress.
All LIFE  Matters. Even tomato plants.
Women can do anything they put their mind to! It takes studying and surrounding yourself around influential people!
Thanks and same to you...My best wishes to you Sis...Take care and Study hard...Dont worry
i came out as bisexual yesterday and now all my girl friends dont wanna talk to be cuz theyre afraid that im falling in love w them
The boy he wanted some tips so he can be there for his friend how sweet
Im Christian but Im also an ally! I chose love too! Conversion therapy is emotional and physical ABUSE!
PREACH! I LOVE GOD AND I LOVE GAYS! AND EVERYONE ELSE IN THE LGBT COMMUNITY!
All life's matter
All lives matter is basically supporting black lives matter if you think about it .
EVERY LIFE MATTERS. NO race should die from police brutality.
God gave us a choice
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Madonna remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
I have and have always had much respect and admiration for her.  Despite all the controversy and judgement she continues to stay the course and will always SHINE.   my hero!!!
Hi Debbie ! Your video made me very emotional. I am a professional mechanical engineer and i needed a proof to say i am not alone in this. Thank You !
We have been given on earth is so that we can foster a positive impact on the world in which we live.
What the hell not agreeing with homosexuality is? Its like saying I dont agree with you being black or I dont agree with you being Italian or I dont agree with people who have skeletons. Girl
i dont see any lives matter everyones going to die eventually i think mass random genocide would good for thebplanet and all of humanity to many people as it is. plus thats a lot of fertilizer for trees. its a win win. earth wins and then with less people more food for everyone else
Every life matters.
THIS IS SIMPLE!!!! THE HOLY BIBLE SPELLS IT OUT!!! ALL MANKIND IS MADE IN THE LIKE OF JESUS! MODERN SCIENCE DNA PROVED THE BIBLE RIGHT. THE HOLY BIBLE SAYS JESUS LOVE YOU! NOWHERE IN THE BIBLE DOES IT SAY A CERTAIN SKIN COLOR MATTERS. GET OFF THE BS PEOPLE! DEMONIC-RATS ARE WHORING FOR VOTES! DEMONIC-RATS ARE PRAYING ON YOUTH AND EMOTIONS. PATHETIC SCOURGE! EVERY WHERE DEMOCRATS RULE THEIR PEOPLE DO NOT THRIVE AND SUFFER NEGLECT. EVIDENCE BASED PRACTICE IS PROOF.
These people need to be protected at all costs
All Lives Matter. Communities that have failing schools
Conversion therapy has been linked to several deaths. You're in no position to judge whether or not he's a survivor.
@Sasha Dumse But rules are meant to be broken and I think god just wants people to be happy!
American royalty! Thanks Madge for always looking out for us!
That one kid is so cute God gave us a choice and my choice is to love
@Christina Lavinder More concerned about getting more women in STEM field rather than increasing the male graduation rate... So much for equality.
People need to stand out and protesting for All lives matter!
These kids gonna grow up to be very wholesome human beings becoz of these videos where they meet so many people who broaden their horizon..
I dont agree with homossexualitynnAGREE?nIts not something to you agree about. Its NOT.  nIts like  i dont agree with people with a head nBut-
Homosexuality is part of my happiness pills
But would she get the same publicity if she wasn't so so beautiful. This still perpetuates sexist double standards that rewards beauty in women and intelligence in men (though she obviously has both). I hope someday my daughter will be asked to give ted talk even if she doesn't look like a model.
I love crystal she is so understanding and accepting xxx
That's crazy... People like these who BEAT people with a bible give Christians a bad rap. Christianity means to love people not be even a little bit like this!!! That guy is so strong for being himself
My choice is to love. Immediately my eyes welled up
Black Lives Matters is the Real Urgency now! No need to downplay BLM with the obvious all lives matters which everyone is aware of. Duhh
Bad Democrats  are very bad very very bad they hurt the people they hurt the people they dont care about people and it doesnt nDoes it matter why skin dark skin look at what they doing to the people that live on the streets both parties they act like they dont exist they act like they dont exist I got nothing to do with color
Sunshine littlephilly I had just wanted to say that its completely okay and valid to be religious and also love and support the lgbtq. There is no changing what has been made by God
Every lives matter
All Lives Matter All The Time..
ALL LIVES MATTER ..IF YOU THINK OTHER WISE THEN YOU ARE RACIST..
Just seeing the title made me tear up a little. I am so glad that these kids are so open minded and are actually more intelligent than bible thumping adults. It's hard enough to come out of the closet but imagine going through all that pain and abuse.
I agree Hannity...All Lives Matter.
There are lgbtq persons who do bad things. Thats a given. But that shouldnt be the license to hate everybody else in the lgbtq sphere cause a lot of us are nice and righteous. Generalizing is what needs to go. Ps
When i try to coming out infronte of my parents they say will disown me and kick me out if I don't be streight and right now I lie them in the face and told them I am streight but I don't love a boy right now but actually I have a girlfriend and all my frends
 IE TTE!!!!!
Mesmerizing....! Bravo! Why no one came up with this earlier! The way we think the world is developing so fast yet it still manages to surprise us with its absurdity is plain staggering. Although I grew up to be an activist after majoring in social studies
All lives matter in Gods' eyes.
I'm a Buddhist...!    ALL LIVES MATTER...!
@Yvonne Terran at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
Bruh All lives matter includes Black lives
The way I can relate to this lady though!!!  Thank you
ALL LIVES MATTER no matter the age or color or anything. Mutual respect Is the secret.
ALL lives matter. Regardless of color
I think she is an indigo spirit they are like angels but more aggressive like warriors because they are here to change the old outdated paradigms.
I watch this every time I need motivation in life.
If my friends came out and told me I would be like do  I look like I care what your sexuality is we will always be friends
this inspires me so much! thank you.
It is strange to hear about it. I am from Russia and my grandmothers are engineers
# Equality means all lives matter.n# Deep Deep down its not about color it's about the mind
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Madonna u are my life!
We all need to change..All Life's Matter..
Im conservative and even I know that conversation therapy is horrible. Most conservatives will agree.
That little kid my choice is to love I almost cried oh my god
I am I bisexual Christian and I am so sorry to anyone that who has to deal with homophobic Christians. Most people in my church love and support me and others... It's the old people. They can't accept change and continue to be racist and sexist.
All lives matter and if you cant find yourself in that your racist
It's pretty simple. A large portion of the world is anti-gay and the parades are a way to show that gay people aren't going anywhere and demand the same rights that everyone else has.  It's especially useful for the gay teenagers that are put out onto the street by their christian families and feel like they dont belong anywhere. Being able to see that people like you are celebrating and proud of who they are when everyone around you wants to make you feel ashamed for being gay is something that saves lives.nnHope that answer explains part of it
This was great! Very motivational!!
All Lives Matter
She is genuinely a fighter for love
I'm shocked that it isn't illegal in the whole US. nI know it was a big thing
@Harris Cobb Because of the immense physical and psychological harm it does to those who are forced to go to such ineffective therapy.
Nursing is a female-dominated major because of societal pressure against the men who do it. When colleges tried to recruit males in nursing
Okay everyones so focused on her wording of She doesnt agree with it but to me when you listen to everything else she says after that it sounds like shes saying that she doesnt see herself as being about to be homosexual but that she doesnt mind that other people are homosexual and that shell love and respect them regardless
I have been very scared to tell my mom but she is very supportive with me but I still have my grandma to tell but I think I'm going to do that on my birth day in a couple of months
Im a Mechatronics engineering student and I couldnt be more happy studying something else !
This is all so sick. God is about love and he calls Christians to love everyone despite their sins
@Maggie Paul police brutality is a problem for ALL races.
Of course all lives matter. The ones who are against this are the real racist individuals. ALL LIVES MATTER!! Not only white nor black... every single live matters... ALL LIVES MATTER!! Saying BLM is fighting racism with racism... ALL LIVES MATTER!!
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Bob the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Sitting with people and talking about important topics of society is child abuse to you? Sorry to break it to you but school does exactly the same.nAlso their parents are like right behind the camera
@Sasha Dumse that is true. But we should ALL love each other as God says.
Hope doesnt happened at all that mean you deserve a nice home
You WILL become an engineer one day.nYou can become anything and everything you believe in.
Who inspires you to come out can be very personal. For me
Animal and plant lives matter too and when self-centered
I agree fully! it bothers me when a little boy can't even hold a doll because that's a toy for girls!. play with toy guns instead!. I don't think toys have any gender
I'm sorry but I can't respect a person who think homosexuality is wrong. I just can't.
All lives do matter not just black or white
Lonelymilanj are you for real...she did her work when no one else did.
All lives matter to God the Creator
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 12-13 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
I have said numerous times that God loves everyone
i don't know why the girls didn't apply for engineering..so cool to study and we always welcome female to study engineering ...
@mia lippert I appreciate the love babe!!! Keep spreading kindness and love. Hopefully
I love Madonna.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
Love this video and I am a man. I'm glad that she doesn't pinpoint her blame for gender inequality on men. This is a feminist that I can back. It is society as a whole telling women they need to be princesses instead of engineers and doctors.
Madonna is very inspiring
@V A Jesus died for all.Jesus shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Shawn died for all.Shawn shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Tyler died for all.Tyler shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Antonio died for all.Antonio shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Liam died for all.Liam shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Christopher died for all.Christopher shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Kevin died for all.Kevin shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Christian died for all.Christian shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A David died for all.David shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Alex died for all.Alex shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
@V A Mark died for all.Mark shed His blood for all.Blood washes away all our sins
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Madonna remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Morgan remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Avery remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Courtney remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Kristin remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Morgan remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Ava remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Nicole remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Morgan remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Amanda remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
We're in scarrrry times & potentiallylooking ahead at a possible 4 more yearsof the same if they don't get it right BUT Evelyn remains a beacon of challenge and hope. Well done lady!
I love Madonna.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Samantha.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Emma.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Jessica.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Amanda.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Kaitlyn.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Vanessa.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Grace.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Diana.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Caroline.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
I love Andrea.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
@Yvonne Terran at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Justin at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Christian at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Jackson at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Austin at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Jason at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Gabriel at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Paul at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Jacob at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Justin at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
@Yvonne Patrick at this point -- all live matter white blue pink black
Danielle D Literally the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Jennifer James the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Jessica Nguyen the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Ashley Sanchez the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Sarah Brown the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Emily Hill the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Amanda Nguyen the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Elizabeth Russell the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Melissa Barnes the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Stephanie Robinson the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
Nicole Lee the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Tiffany. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Sarah. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Ava. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Olivia. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Crystal. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Vanessa. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Alexandra. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Vanessa. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Ashley. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Madison. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Bob the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Jacob the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Kenneth the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Tyler the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Zachary the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Jesse the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Jayden the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Isaiah the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Isaiah the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Chad the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Michael the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
All Lives matter. Jesus says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Alexander says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Paul says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Ian says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Austin says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Elijah says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Benjamin says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Edward says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Antonio says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Mason says it's not color.
All Lives matter. Paul says it's not color.
@Complete repair lotion Smith cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Aiden cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Donald cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion James cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Christian cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Adam cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Caleb cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Liam cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Angel cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Bradley cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
@Complete repair lotion Christian cuz it happens alot i know a lot of people including myself who grew up in the church believing homosexuality was a sin but not feeling quite right about whivh she exhibited. I actaully got asked alot if i was guy when i was younger but i was so in denial. Now thst im older i realized im gsy and there nothing wrong with it. And that the vibe alot of people are pulling feom this girl
Madonna has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Patricia has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Jacqueline has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Karen has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Elizabeth has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Jamie has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Julia has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Lauren has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Brianna has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Rachel has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Melissa has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
@Quordell Scott I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Henry I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Ethan I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Derek I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Christopher I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Henry I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Steven I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Joseph I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Brian I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Kyle I was agreeing with all lives matter
@Quordell Alex I was agreeing with all lives matter
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Debbie sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Monica sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Ashley sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Kristen sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Angela sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Stephanie sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Brooke sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Olivia sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Kelsey sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Kathryn sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Abigail sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Madonna for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Julie for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Maria for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Amanda for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Heather for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Laura for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Morgan for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Monica for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Mary for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Julie for sharing yourself with us. Xx
She comes across in this interview as relatable and human. Beautiful and creative. Thank you Lauren for sharing yourself with us. Xx
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Joey and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Derek and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Jeremiah and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Travis and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Luis and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Samuel and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend John and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Jared and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Marcus and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Jayden and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Of corse all lives matter but thats not the fight right now. The fight is for black lives right now. People who say racism is gone are either blind or stupid. My best friend Lucas and I go to conventions all across the east coast to film
Madonna is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Madonna to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Haley is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Haley to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Destiny is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Destiny to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Victoria is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Victoria to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Alexis is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Alexis to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Brittany is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Brittany to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
April is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for April to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Patricia is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Patricia to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Alyssa is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Alyssa to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Anna is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Anna to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
Angela is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. Its not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Angela to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. Im not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
I can't thank you enough Debbie for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Sara for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Ashley for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Chloe for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Karen for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Amy for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Mary for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Haley for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Kristen for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Angela for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I can't thank you enough Mia for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I love you Madonna. You changed my life.
I love you Julia. You changed my life.
I love you Grace. You changed my life.
I love you Rachel. You changed my life.
I love you Mary. You changed my life.
I love you Hailey. You changed my life.
I love you April. You changed my life.
I love you Allison. You changed my life.
I love you Savannah. You changed my life.
I love you Amy. You changed my life.
I love you Christina. You changed my life.
Everyone be talkin about Annie but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Hailey but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Sophia but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Julia but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Olivia but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Melissa but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Kelsey but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Samantha but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Megan but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Chelsea but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
Everyone be talkin about Danielle but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Madonna!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Alyssa!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Emma!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Jamie!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Sara!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Melissa!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Angela!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Ella!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Julie!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Katherine!
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Ella!
Bob the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Adrian the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
William the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Joseph the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Caleb the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Scott the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Elijah the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Shawn the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Richard the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Juan the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
Anthony the Buster Pride is celebrated because we are loving who we want. Also
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Madonna u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Amanda u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Kimberly u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Katie u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Samantha u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Tracy u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Lindsey u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Monica u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Monica u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Savannah u are my life!
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Patricia u are my life!
This is so inspiring Debbie. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Leah. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Ella. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Erica. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Ashley. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Erin. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Crystal. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Ashley. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Chelsea. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Melanie. I am a web full stack developer
This is so inspiring Julie. I am a web full stack developer
Madonna is very inspiring
Sara is very inspiring
Destiny is very inspiring
Nicole is very inspiring
Mia is very inspiring
Leah is very inspiring
Destiny is very inspiring
Tracy is very inspiring
Katie is very inspiring
Alicia is very inspiring
Brooke is very inspiring
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Jesus I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Zachary I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Marcus I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Bradley I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Daniel I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Richard I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Elijah I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Jacob I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Isaac I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Jeffrey I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Bryan I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
India produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
Morocco produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
Germany produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
United Kingdom produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
Japan produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
Madagascar produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
Japan produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
France produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
Sudan produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
Venezuela produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
Iran produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
In India women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In United Kingdom women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Philippines women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Egypt women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Nepal women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Nepal women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Angola women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Bangladesh women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Angola women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Brazil women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
In Nigeria women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Mexico to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Egypt to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Ethiopia to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to France to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Myanmar to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Bangladesh to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Venezuela to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Indonesia to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Mozambique to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to China to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Tanzania to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I dont think shes appreciated enough.
I am studying biomedical engineering and 70% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 65% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 74% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 55% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 83% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 60% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 79% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 63% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 75% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 61% of my colleagues are girls
I am studying biomedical engineering and 63% of my colleagues are girls
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 6 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 7 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 7 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 7 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 7 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 4 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 4 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 8 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 8 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 8 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Man I feel like I fit in now cause my mech class has 8 girls in total and this amuses me I can't wait to get into stanford
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 12-13 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 13-13 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 12-16 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 12-15 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 12-12 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 12-16 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 12-10 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 13-13 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 22 is too young. 12-13 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 22 is too young. 12-13 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
Anja I was just wondering why you think 18 is too young. 12-12 is the average age thats puberty starts and so that when you typically start to develop sexual feeling towards people. When were you sure that you were heterosexual? Im not trying to be rude at all and Im sorry if it comes off that way
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 3 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 4 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 2 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 4 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 4 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 4 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 4 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 2 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 2 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 4 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
WOW! Debbie. Bravo. I like that u said Guys were in the library at 2 am. It's obviously handwork that makes ppl ahead of others
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 16 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 17 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 17 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 19 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 15 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 12 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 13 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 12 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 18 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 18 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Its very important to teach these kids about this. Im fortunate that I didnt have to go through this when I came out a year ago. Im 15 and Im happy that my family loves and accepts me
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 11 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 8 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 12 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 9 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 11 we have our GCSEs and since 1666 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 11 we have our GCSEs and since 1766 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 11 we have our GCSEs and since 2022 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 8 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 12 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 9 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im so glad Im in the Uk where in year 11 we have our GCSEs and since 1819 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
Im only 11 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 13 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 12 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 12 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 14 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 9 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 14 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 13 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 8 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 10 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Im only 13 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
All lives matter - John 3
All lives matter - John 2
All lives matter - John 4
All lives matter - John 4
All lives matter - John 4
All lives matter - John 4
All lives matter - John 4
All lives matter - John 4
All lives matter - John 2
All lives matter - John 2
All lives matter - John 4
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 2020!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 2223!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 1734!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 2221!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 1690!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 2255!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 2352!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 1815!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 2241!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 1684!
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love- most ICONIC quote of 1875!
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 10% and not men who make 90% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 10% and not men who make 106% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 10% and not men who make 103% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 10% and not men who make 80% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 10% and not men who make 107% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 10% and not men who make 95% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 13% and not men who make 90% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 11% and not men who make 90% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 7% and not men who make 90% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 13% and not men who make 90% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@ozzie pants This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 7% and not men who make 90% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 12% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 11% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 15% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 10% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 13% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 9% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 10% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 14% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 15% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 13% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 10% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
Wow I'm 16 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 20 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 14 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 15 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 15 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 17 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 14 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 15 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 13 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 15 and I'm inspired by her
Wow I'm 17 and I'm inspired by her
